ID: 4418
Title: Protect the inactive
Author: Steve
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1

Proposal
Protect the inactive

When this Proposal takes effect, any inactive players who became quiet 
within the previous month become noisy.

Amend Rule 1042 (Deregistration Due to Silence) by replacing the text in it 
which currently reads:

	(b) A player who has not quietened another player in the past 24 hours may 
do so by publically identifying the player and stating that e causes that 
player to become quiet.

with text which reads:

	(b) A player who has not quietened another active, noisy player in the 
	past 24 hours may cause another active, noisy player to become quiet by 
publically identifying the player and stating that e causes that player to 
become quiet.

[Comment: it strikes me as odd that we have these very strong protections 
against requiring inactive players to do anything, and then we make a 
solitary exception in the case of selecting Judges, which exception we never 
invoke anyway. I think it would be more consistent and elegant simply not to 
require inactive players to be judges, and this is what I propose here.]

Amend Rule 698 (Always an Eligible Judge) to read:

	(a) Each active player is eligible to judge a given CFJ, unless a rule 
specifically makes em ineligible. Inactive players are ineligible to judge 
CFJs.

	(b) If the Clerk of the Courts is required to select a Judge, but after 
taking all other rules affecting eligibility into account, no player is 
eligible to judge that CFJ, then:

	(1) All active non-barred players become eligible to judge that 	    CFJ.

	(2) If there is still no player eligible to judge, then all 		    active 
barred players, other than the caller emself, become 	    eligible to judge 
that CFJ.

	(3) If there is still no eligible Judge, then the game is in 		    serious 
trouble. My usual advice in such situations is to 		    panic, and run 
screaming for the hills.

	(c) This Rule takes precedence over other Rules concerning who is and is 
not eligible to judge CFJs.