ID: 4423
Title: Sensible Timing for Auctions
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1

Proposal: Sensible Timing for Indulgence Auctions

Amend Rule 1712 (Distribution of Indulgences) to read:

	(a) The Ideal Indulgence Circulation Level (IICL) is equal to 		    the 
number of Players plus the total Stain of all Players.

	(b) The Actual Indulgence Circulation Level (AICL) is the total 	    number 
of Indulgences owned by entities other than the 	    Bank, augmented by the 
total number of Indulgences owned by 	    the Bank which either:
		(1) are already being Auctioned by the Bank in prior 			    Indulgence 
Auctions that have not yet concluded; or
		(2) have been auctioned in prior Indulgence Auctions 			    that have 
concluded, but where the debts arising 			    from Winning Bids have neither 
been paid nor 			    defaulted upon; or
		(3) have been Auctioned in prior Indulgence Auctions 			    that have 
concluded, and the debts arising from the 		    Winning Bids have been paid, 
but the Indulgences 			    have not been transferred to the Winning Bidders.

	(c) The Indulgence Surplus is the difference between the IICL 	    and the 
AICL; if the AICL is greater than the IICL, the 	    Indulgence Surplus is 
zero.

	(d) If the Indulgence Surplus is positive at the beginning of 	    the 
month, the Herald shall as soon as possible auction off 	    the surplus 
Indulgences. The items to be auctioned are 	    individual Indulgences; the 
number of items is equal to the 	    Indulgence Surplus, rounded down to the 
nearest integer. 	    The Auctioneer shall be the Herald, and the Auction 
shall 	    be conducted in Stems.

	(e) The Monthly Bank Indulgence Gain (MBIG) is the number of 	    
Indulgences transferred from other entities to the Bank 	    during a given 
Nomic Month, less the number of Indulgences 	    transferred from the Bank 
to other entities during that 	    same Nomic Month.

	(f) If the Indulgence Surplus is zero or negative at the 	    beginning of 
the month, the Herald may still conduct an 	    Indulgence auction, but only 
if e initiates it within one 	    week after the beginning of the month. The 
items to be 	    auctioned are individual Indulgences; the number of items 	 
    is chosen by the Herald, with a minimum of 1 and a maximum 	    of half 
the MBIG, rounded down to the nearest integer. The 	    Auctioneer shall be 
the Herald, and the Auction shall be 	    conducted in Stems.