ID: 4446
Title: Fix Single-Bid Auctions
Author: Steve
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1

Proposal
Fix Single-Bid Auctions

[Single-Bid Auctions are slightly broken - they cannot end early because
the value of bids changes every 24 hours.]

Amend Rule 2012 (Single-Bid Auctions) to read:

      There is a type of auction called a single-bid auction. The
      procedure for conducting a single-bid auction is the same as that
      used in the default auction procedure, with the following
      additions and exceptions:

      (a) Bid inflation factor: As part of any correct and legal
announcement that a single-bid auction is commencing, the Auctioneer must
announce the value of the bid inflation factor for the auction, a real
number between 0 and 1 inclusive.

      (b) Making bids: each player eligible to bid in the auction is
permitted to make only one bid, called the initial bid.  Any bids made by a
player after eir initial bid in the auction are invalid. A player who
cancels eir bid is ineligible to make further bids in the auction. All bids
must be made publically.

      (c) Value of bids: at each midnight GMT during the auction, the value
of each valid, uncancelled bid remaining in the auction is increased by an
amount equal to the bid inflation factor multiplied by the initial bid.

      (d) End of auction: the auction ends if any of the following occur:

	  (1) one week has passed from the start of the auction, and no      bids
have been made; or

          (2) a bid has been made in the auction, and there has been no
         change in the N highest initial bids for 72 hours; or

          (3) fourteen days have passed since the Auction began.

      (e) Final auction price: for the purposes of determining the
winner(s) of the auction, the value of each bid as calculated in (c) above
is used. However, the debt incurred by a winner of the auction is equal to
the Nth highest winning initial bid, where N is the number of items being
auctioned, or to the starting bid, if there were fewer than N bids.