ID: 4450
Title: Trifecta, Part 3
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 4

[Put mathematical terms in their place.]

Upon the adoption of this Proposal, the Gamestate becomes what it would be 
if
all terms used in mathematical contexts, but primarily used with a different
ordinary-language meaning, were interpreted to have their ordinary-language
meaning, Rule 754 (Spelling, Quoting, and Terminology) notwithstanding.

Set the Power of Rule 754 (Spelling, Quoting, and Terminology) to 3.

Change the Title of Rule 754 to "Freedom of Communication".

Amend Rule 754 (Freedom of Communication) to read:

      Freedom of speech being essential for the healthy functioning
      of any non-Imperial nomic, it is hereby resolved:

      (1) No Player shall be prohibited from participating in the Fora.

      (2) No Player shall be punished for accurately quoting a Rule,
          Proposal, Statement, Judgement, another Player, or another
          reference.

      Regularity of communication being essential for the healthy
      function of any nomic, it is hereby resolved:

      (3) A difference in spelling, grammar, or dialect, or the use of
          a synonym or abbreviation in place of a word or phrase, is
          inconsequential in all forms of communication, as long as the
          difference does not create an ambiguity in meaning.

      (4) A term explicitly defined by the Rules shall be interpreted
          as having that meaning, as shall its ordinary-language synonyms
          not explicitly defined by the rules.  In particular, the term
          "number" shall be interpreted as "real number".

      (5) Any term primarily used in mathematical or legal contexts, and
          not addressed by previous provisions of this Rule, shall be
          interpreted as having the meaning it has in those contexts.

      (6) Any term not addressed by previous provisions of this Rule
          shall be interpreted as having its ordinary-language meaning.

      This rule takes precedence over any other rules which dictate
      terminology or grammar.