ID: 4455
Title: Two-tone Economics
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

Create a new Rule titled "Colors" with this text:

      Red, Yellow, Blue, and Octarine are Primary Colors.

      Red and Yellow make Orange.
      Red and Blue make Purple.
      Yellow and Blue make Green.
      Red and Octarine make Infrared.
      Yellow and Octarine make Mellow.
      Blue and Octarine make Ultraviolet.

      Any Color made by two Primary Colors is a Secondary Color.

Create a new Rule titled "The Color of Money" with this text:

      For each Primary Color and Secondary Color, there is a Bank Currency
      of <Color> Tokens.

      The Recordkeepor of all <Primary Color> Tokens is the Treasuror.

      The Recordkeepor of Orange Tokens is the Assessor.

      The Recordkeepor of Purple Tokens is the Promotor.

      The Recordkeepor of Green Tokens is the Herald.

      The Recordkeepor of Infrared Tokens and Mellow Tokens is the Grand
      Warden of the Oligarchy.

      The Recordkeepor of Ultraviolet Tokens is the Assistant Director
      of Personnel.

Create a new Rule titled "Primary Circulation" with this text:

      The Ideal <Primary Color> Token Circulation Level is equal to the
      number of Players.

      For Red and Octarine Tokens, the IRTCL is ten times the number of
      Players.

      For Yellow and Blue Tokens, the IYTCL and IBTCL are increased by
      half the total Stain of all Players.

      The Actual <Primary Color> Token Circulation Level is equal to the
      sum of the following:

        (a) The total number of <Primary Color> Tokens owned by entities
            other than the Bank.

        (b) The total number of <Primary Color> Tokens being Auctioned
            in an Auction that has not yet concluded.

        (c) The total number of <Primary Color> Tokens that have been
            Auctioned in an Auction that has concluded, but for which
            the debts arising from Winning Bids have neither paid nor
            defaulted upon.

        (d) The total number of <Primary Color> Tokens that have been
            Auctioned in an Auction that has concluded, and the debts
            arising from Winning Bids have been paid, but the <Primary
            Color> Tokens have not yet been transferred to the Winning
            Bidders.

      The <Primary Color> Token Surplus is the I<PC>TCL minus the A<PC>TCL,
      with a minimum of zero.

      As soon as possible after the beginning of the month, for each
      Primary Color with a non-zero Surplus, the Recordkeepor of <Primary
      Color> Tokens shall initiate a <Primary Color> Token Auction as
      soon as possible.  The items to be Auctioned are individual <Primary
      Color> Tokens.  The number of items is the <Primary Color> Surplus
      at the beginning of the month, rounded to the nearest integer.  The
      Auction Currency is Stems.  Only Players whose Color matches the
      Tokens being Auctioned may bid.

Create a new Rule titled "Secondary Circulation" with this text:

      An entity may buy N <Secondary Color> Tokens from the Bank by paying
      a Fee of N <Primary Color #1> Tokens plus N <Primary Color #2> Tokens,
      provided that <Primary Color #1> and <Primary Color #2> make 
<Secondary
      Color>.  Upon payment of such a Fee, the Bank incurs a debt of N
      <Secondary Color> Tokens to the entity.

Upon the adoption of this Proposal, for each entity possessing N Voting
Entitlements, 5*N Red Tokens and 5*N Yellow Tokens are created in that
entity's possession.

Upon the adoption of this Proposal, for each entity possessing N Papyri,
N/2 Red Tokens and N/2 Blue Tokens are created in that entity's possession.

Upon the adoption of this Proposal, for each entity possessing N 
Indulgences,
N/2 Yellow Tokens and N/2 Blue Tokens are created in that entity's 
possession.

Upon the adoption of this Proposal, 5 Octarine Tokens are created in the
possesion of each Player.

Change the title of Rule 1960 to "Player Colors", and amend it to read:

      Color is a stuck Player switch with values Gray, <all Primary
      Colors>.

      A Player may change eir Color by announcement if one of the
      following is true:

        1) Eir Color is Gray.

        2) E has not changed eir Color in the past three months.

        3) E has not changed eir Color in the past six weeks, and e
           pays a Fee of 1 Token of eir current Color plus 1 Token
           of eir new Color.

        4) E pays a Fee of 3 Tokens of eir current Color plus 3
           Tokens of eir new Color.

      The Registrar's Weekly Report shall include each Player's Color.

Repeal Rule 1986 (Role-Based Powers).

Repeal Rule 1992 (Monks).

Amend Rule 1664 (Rebellion) by replacing "Indulgence" with "Green Token".

Amend Rule 1955 (The Grand Warden of the Oligarchy) by replacing this text:

          (2) the Base Seating Fee, which is a number of Voting
              Entitlements between 0.1 and 0.5 inclusive.

with this text:

          (2) the Base Seating Fee, which is an integral number
              of Mellow Tokens from 1 to 5 (inclusive).

Amend Rule 1936 (Auctioning Positions in the Oligarchy) by replacing "Stems"
with "Infrared Tokens".

Amend Rule 2010 (Oligarchy Upkeep) to read:

      As soon as possible after the beginning of the month, the GWotO
      shall bill each Oligarch the Base Seating Fee, excluding those
      who entered the Oligarchy during the previous month.

      If an Oligarch does not pay this debt within a week of the GWotO's
      announcement of the debt, then the GWotO shall remove the Oligarch
      from the Oligarchy, and Order the Bank to forgive the debt.

Amend Rule 2027 (Vacant Oligarchy) to read:

      Whenever the number of Oligarchs is less than Quorum for an
      Ordinary Proposal, the Grand Warden of the Oligarchy may do
      either of the following:

        (a) Conduct an Auction for a number of Oligarch positions
            equal to Quorum for an Ordinary Proposal minus the
            number of Oligarchs.

        (b) Appoint any eligible Player to become an Oligarch, With
            Support from that Player, and Without 3 Objections.  The
            Player becomes an Oligarch upon paying the Base Seating
            Fee within a week of the appointment.

Amend Rule 1623 (Disinterested Proposals) to read:

      Interest Level is a stuck Proposal switch with values Interested,
      Disinterested.

      The Proposer of a Proposal may make it Disinterested, Without
      Objection, unless the Proposal has already been Distributed.

      When a Proposal becomes Disinterested, it immediately becomes
      Distributable, and may not become Undistributable by any means
      as long as it remains Disinterested.

Amend Rule 1607 (The Promotor) to read:

      The Promotor is an office; its holder is responsible for receiving
      and distributing Proposals.

      The Promotor's Weekly Report shall include a list of the titles
      and submission dates of all Proposals in the Proposal Pool.

Repeal Rule 1951 (Papyri).

Repeal Rule 1954 (Distribution of Papyri).

Amend Rule 1036 (The Proposal Pool) to read:

      As soon as possible after the Promotor receives a new Proposal,
      e shall place this Proposal in the Proposal Pool.

      A Proposal's Distribution Cost is an integral number of Purple
      Tokens.  The base Distribution Cost of a Proposal is 1, but
      this may be altered by other Rules.

Amend Rule 1952 (Making Proposals Distributable) to read:

      Release Level is a stuck Proposal switch with values
      Undistributable, Distributable.

      Any Player may make a Proposal Distributable by paying a Fee
      equal to its Distribution Cost.  Any Player may make a Proposal
      Undistributable by paying a Fee equal to twice its Distribution
      Cost.

Amend Rule 2033 (Aborting a Proposal) by replacing this text:

          (4)  a copy of the Proposal is added to the Proposal Pool.

with this text:

          (4)  a Distributable copy of the Proposal is added to the
               Proposal Pool.

Amend Rule 1449 (The Assessor) to read:

      The Assessor is an office; its holder is responsible for receiving
      and announcing the results of votes on proposals.

      The Assessor's Weekly Report shall include a list of the
      identity and voting power for Proposals in each Chamber, for all
      entities with nonzero voting power in at least one Chamber.

Amend Rule 1950 (Voting Power) to read:

      (a) An entity's Voting Power on an Ordinary Proposal is as
          follows:

            (1) An Oligarch: one;

            (2) Any other entity: zero.

      (b) An entity's Voting Power on a Democratic Proposal is as
          follows:

            (1) A Player: one, plus one for every ten Orange Tokens
                e possesses, minus one for every five Blots e has,
                with a minimum of zero and a maximum of:

                (a) for an Oligarch, two;

                (b) for a non-Oligarch, five.

            (2) The Bank: zero;

            (3) Any other entity: as defined in the Rules, with a
                default of zero if the Rules don't specify the Voting
                power on a Democratic Proposal for that entity.

      (c) An entity's Voting Power on a Parliamentary Proposal is as
          follows:

            (1) One, if the entity is a Color Estate.

            (2) Any other entity, zero.

      (d) The value of an entity's Voting Power for any given Chamber
          at the beginning of each Week shall be in effect for all
          Proposals distributed during that Week. However, if a
          Proposal's Chamber is changed after it has been distributed,
          the Voting Power of each entity for that Proposal is
          redetermined at the time the Chamber is changed.

      (e) An entity may cast as many votes as e wishes on a Proposal,
          in any combination, up to the limit determined by that
          entity's Voting Power on that Proposal, with the exceptions
          that:

              (1) no Player may vote on an Ordinary Proposal unless e
                  is an Oligarch at the time e casts eir vote.

              (2) Votes on Parliamentary Proposals shall only be cast
                  through specific mechanisms indicated by the Rules
                  for each specific entity with Voting Power on
                  Parliamentary Proposals.

Amend Rule 2020 (Parliamentary Votes) by replacing this text:

      (a) The First Estate consists of all Players who are Acolytes,
          the Second Estate of all Players who are Politicians, and
          the Third Estate of all Players who are Scribes.

with this text:

      (a) For each Primary Color, there is a Color Estate consisting of
          all Players with that Color.

Amend Rule 2021 (Chamber Procedure) to read:

      Any Player may change the Chamber of a non-Sane Proposal to
      another Chamber of eir choice by paying the Chamber Fee,
      unless the Rules prohibit the Proposal from being in the
      new Chamber.  If the Proposal is in its Voting Period,
      then it is Aborted as described elsewhere.

      The Chamber Fee for a Proposal is 1 Ultraviolet Token, doubled
      for each time the Proposal's Chamber has previously been changed
      by paying the Chamber Fee.

Create a new Rule titled "Speaker Sanitation" with this text:

      An Untainted Speaker may, With 2 Supporters, Sanitise a non-Sane
      Distributable Proposal whose Voting Period has not ended.  The
      Proposal is Aborted as described elsewhere, and the copy added
      to the Proposal Pool becomes Democratic and Sane.

Amend Rule 1678 (Encourage Proposals by New Players) to read:

      If an Interested Proposal submitted during a Player's Grace
      Period is adopted, then the Assessor shall pay out 1 Purple
      Token to that Player.

Repeal Rule 1583 (Proposal Penalties Halved for New Players).

Amend Rule 1434 (Default Procedure for Referendum Voting) by replacing this
text:

      * Vote Strength: Every Vote has equal strength.  No Voter may
        Vote more than once on any single Referendum.

with this text:

      * Vote Strength: Every Vote has equal strength.  An entity's
        Voting Power on a Referendum is as follows:

            (1) A Player: one, plus one for every ten Ultraviolet Tokens
                e possesses, minus one for every five Blots e has, with
                a minimum of zero and a maximum of three.

            (2) Any other entity: zero.

Amend Rule 559 (The Registrar) by replacing this text:

       (vii) the identity of the Distributor; and

      (viii) a list of players who are Monks.

with this text:

       (vii) the identity of the Distributor.

Amend Rule 1974 (Restriction on Minting of Bank Currencies by the Bank) to
read:

      The Bank, by the Treasuror, may (Without Objection)Mint new units
      of a Bank Currency.

Repeal Rule 1945 (Voting Entitlements).

Repeal Rule 1946 (Distribution of Voting Entitlements).

Amend Rule 1377 (The Herald) by replacing this text:

      The Herald is an office; its holder is recordkeepor of
      Indulgences and is responsible for keeping track of Blots.

with this text:

      The Herald is an office; its holder is responsible for keeping
      track of Blots.

Repeal Rule 1435 (Indulgences).

Change the title of Rule 2018 to "Expunging Blots with Green Tokens", and 
amend
it to read:

      When an entity transfers an amount of Green Tokens to the Bank,
      and specifies in the Notice of Transfer that the transfer is for
      the purpose of expunging the Blots of a specified entity, then
      an equal amount of the entity's Blots are expunged.  (If the
      amount of the transfer exceeds the entity's Stain at the time of
      the transfer, then all of the entity's Blots are expunged, and
      the Bank incurs a Green Token debt to the transferor equal to
      the amount of the original transfer minus the entity's previous
      Stain.)

Repeal Rule 1712 (Distribution of Indulgences).

Amend Rule 1747 (Pardoning Lawlessness) by replacing each instance of
"Indulgences" with "Green Tokens".

Amend Rule 2004 (Land Auctions) by replacing "Indulgences" with "Ultraviolet
Tokens".

Repeal Rule 2005 (Tolls).  [Complex and rarely used.  Anyone wishing to
                            reinstate Tolls should adapt them to Colors.]