ID: 4456
Title: Switches
Author: Maud
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

Enact a rule of power 2, titled "Switches", reading:

      A switch is a set of states associated with a class of entities.
      Each switch shall have a default state, which if not otherwise
      specified shall be the first state mentioned in the rule defining
      the switch.

      The recordkeepor for a class of entities shall also maintain
      records of any switches associated with that class, as well as
      for each entity of the class the current state of the switch.  If
      the recordkeepor is required to publish a report, that report
      shall include records of these switches.

      Whenever an entity is created in a class of entities associated
      with a switch, it shall be in the state of the switch specified
      by the order or provision creating it; if no state is specified,
      it shall be in the default state of the switch.

      Whenever an entity joins a class of entities associated with a
      switch, the entity shall be in the default state of the switch.

      A player who may flip a switch on an entity to some state may do
      so by announcement.  In eir announcement, e must indicate the
      entity, switch, and new state.  When a switch on an entity is
      flipped to some state, the entity shall come to be in that state
      and simultaneously cease to be in any other state of the switch.

      Viscosity is a stuck switch for switches with values loose and
      stuck.

      An executor of an entity may flip any of the loose switches on
      that entity, unless the rules otherwise prohibit doing so.

      The stuck switches on an entity can be flipped only when the
      rules so indicate.

      Whenever a switch is created, or becomes associated with a class
      of entities, then each entity in the class that had previously
      been in a state that is now a state of the switch shall continue
      to be in that state; all other entities in the class shall be in
      the default state of the switch.


Amend rule 478 (The Public Forum) to read:

      Publicity is a stuck forum switch with values null, Discussion,
      and Public.

      The Registrar may, without objection, flip the publicity of a
      forum.  In addition to any other requirements the rules place on
      this action, the Registrar's announcement of intent must be sent
      to that forum, and if the forum is being made Public, then the
      announcement by which the Registrar performs the modification
      must be sent to all existing Public fora.

      It is the responsibility of each active player to ensure that
      e can receive messages via each Public forum.

      The Registrar shall include as part of eir Report all Public or
      Discussion fora and sufficient data regarding each such forum to
      allow players to receive messages via that medium.  The Registrar
      need not keep track of fora with null state.

      A message is not public unless some rule states that it is public.
      A message is public if it is sent via a Public forum, or if it is
      sent to all players via a combination of fora and contains a clear
      designation of intent to be public.

      A player publishes information by publicly sending a message
      containing that information, and announces something by publishing
      it.

      If the rules state that a player may perform an action by
      announcement, then that player may perform that action by
      announcing that e performs it.  If the rules state that a player
      may perform an action by private message to some player, then
      that player may perform that action by sending a message privately
      to the specified player indicating that e performs it.  In either
      case, such a message must unambiguously describe the action to be
      performed.

Change the title of rule 478 to "Fora".