ID: 4462
Title: Saner Thesis Committees
Author: Goethe
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1

Saner Thesis Committees

[ V 1.0
- Brings sanity to committee selection by making non-Chair choices
    the responsibility of a "neutral" officer rather than by Opposites.
    Hopefully the neutral Officer will balance the process without
    requiring complicated algorithms.
  - Like current system, first two committee members are players, third
    may be any person.
  - Allows some measure of academic feedback/exchange between candidate
    and committee (drafts, commentary).  Under the current system a typo
    would become part of a thesis forever unless a new committee were
    formed.  More importantly the Committee can now request revisions
    rather than accept or reject (and still reject if the work is below
    standards).
  - Allows termination of the process and thus would not choke an
    arbitrary Turing Thesis Committee (currently, all past committee
    members are still committee members).
]

Amend 1370 to read:

     A person becomes a Candidate for a Degree when e publishes a
     Thesis Draft, authored by emself, along with a statement explicitly
     indicating that the Thesis Draft is being submitted with the intent
     to qualify for a particular degree.

     If the Candidate is a Player, e may choose another Player to be the
     first member of eir Thesis Committee, called eir Chair, with the
     Chair's consent.  For non-players, or if no other Player consents to
     be the Chair within one month of draft submission, the Speaker will
     serve as Chair.

     If the Speaker is neither the Chair nor the Candidate, the Speaker
     shall appoint a Player who is neither the Chair nor the Candidate to
     be the second Committee member.  Otherwise, the Justiciar shall so
     appoint, unless the Chair or the Candidate is the Justiciar, in which
     case the Clerk of the Courts shall so appoint.  The two Committee
     members shall then select, by mutual consent, a third person who is
     not the Candidate to be the third Committee member.

     The Committee shall examine the Candidate and eir Thesis to determine
     eir qualifications for the Degree.  The Candidate may publish a new
     Thesis Draft at any time, in response to Committee requests or of eir
     own choosing, by indicating it is a new Thesis Draft for the same
     Degree.

     If the Committee is dissolved without granting a degree, the Committee
     ceases to be a Committee, and the Candidate ceases to be a Candidate,
     and any existant Thesis Draft must be republished and subject to a
     new Committee selection to be eligible for a Degree.

     The Chair of a Thesis Committee may dissolve the Committee without
     granting a degree, with the consent of at least one other Committee
     member.  To so dissolve, the Chair must publish a notice of intent to
     dissolve at least 14 days before dissolving.  The Candidate may so
     dissolve the Committee at any time by public announcement.

     The Chair of the Thesis Committee for a particular Candidate may
     award that Degree to the Candidate if and only if:

      * the Candidate has satisfied all prerequisites in the rules for
        the award of that Degree;
      * a majority of members of the Thesis Committee agree that the
        most recent Thesis draft produced by the Candidate is worthy
        of the Degree to be granted; and
      * fewer than seven years have passed since that Committee was
        formed.

      Each Committee Member may have up to 14 days after a Degree is awarded
      to publish a Commentary for the Thesis.  After that time, the Chair
      shall publish the most recent Thesis Draft along with all Commentary
      so published.  This combined publication shall become the Final 
Thesis.
      Upon publication of this Final Thesis the Committee members cease to
      be Committee members for that Thesis.

      The Rulekeepor shall retain a copy of each Final Thesis.


Upon the adoption of this Proposal, all Theses that have resulted in
the past awarding of Degrees shall be considered Final Theses.

If any Theses have been published in the last 6 months but degrees
not yet been awarded nor explicitly been turned down for awarding,
then those Theses become Thesis drafts, and any
appointed chairs or committee members remain chairs or committee
members.  All other chairs and committee members cease to be chairs
or committee members.

Enact the following Rule entitled "Awardable Degrees":

      The Degree of Associate of Nomic requires a Thesis of at least
      150 words.  A Candidate who already holds an AN Degree receives
      a credit of 100 words towards the Thesis requirement for any
      higher Degree, unless the Candidate also holds a BN Degree.

      The Degree of Bachelor of Nomic requires a Thesis of at least
      500 words.  A Candidate who already holds an BN Degree receives
      a credit of 250 words towards the Thesis requirement for any
      higher Degree.

      The Degree of Doctor of Nomic History requires a Thesis of at
      least 750 words and containing a narrative covering significant
      events which have occurred in Agora within the eight weeks prior
      to the publication of the Thesis.

      The Degree of Master of Nomic requires a Thesis of at least 750
      words.

      The Degree of Doctor of Nomic Philosophy requires a Thesis of at
      least 1000 words, and that the candidate has also published an
      additional creative work authored by emself whose topic or theme
      is related to Agora or Nomic in general.