ID: 4469
Title: Heavy Weather
Author: OscarMyer
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1

Amend Rule 2011 (Stems Weather) by retitling it "Weather" and making it
read:

      Each Bank currency shall have an associated switch named Forecast.
      Forecast may have two states: Clear and Stormy.  The Treasuror
      may flip any such switch.

      As soon as possible after the beginning of each month, the
      Treasuror shall randomly Determine the Weather for each currency
      whose Forecast is Stormy.  The Weather can be one of either Foul,
      Fair, or Plenty, and shall be determined as follows:

        - Let FOUL be the number of that Bank currency owned by the
          Bank, multiplied by the Foul Weather Factor for that
          currency as set in the Treasuror's Budget, and then rounded
          up to the nearest integer.
        - Let PLENTY be the number of that currency owned by all
          Entities, excluding the Bank.
        - Let SAME and FAIR both be the sum of FOUL and PLENTY,
          divided by 4, rounding up to the nearest integer.
        - Let TOTAL by the sum of FOUL, PLENTY, SAME, and FAIR.
        - The weather shall be determined using the following
          probabilities:
                (FOUL   / TOTAL)  Foul.
                (FAIR   / TOTAL)  Fair.
                (PLENTY / TOTAL)  Plenty.
                (SAME   / TOTAL)  Same as the previous month.

      When the Treasuror posts eir Determination of the Weather for a
      month, the following events shall occur in the listed sequence
      immediately after the Weather is Determined:

           (a) A number of that currency in the Bank's possession,
               equal to the number of Players in the game multiplied
               by the Minimum Income, multiplied by the Weather
               Intensity Factor as set in the Treasuror's Budget, and
               then rounded up to the nearest integer, shall be
               Destroyed. If this value is greater than the number of
               that currency in the Possession of the Bank, all of that
               currency in the Possession of the Bank shall be Destroyed
               instead.
           (b) A number of that currency shall be Created in the Bank's
               Possession, equal to the number Destroyed in (a) above
               multiplied by:
                    0.50 if the Weather is Foul;
                    1.00 if the Weather is Fair;
                    1.50 if the Weather is Plenty.

      The Treasuror shall announce the number of currency Created and
      Destroyed by this Rule in the message in which e announces the
      Weather for that currency.

      The Bank may not otherwise Mint new units of a Bank Currency
      except through the mechanism set forth in this Rule.

Repeal Rule 1974 (Restriction on Minting of Bank Currencies by the Bank).

Amend Rule 2022 (Sente and Gote) by replacing the text that reads:

                     * if the Weather is Plenty, 3 Stems for each 5
                       Land Units with Sente that e owns;
                     * if the Weather is Fair, 2 Stems for each 5
                       Land Units with Sente that e owns;
                     * if the Weather is Foul, 1 Stem for each 5
                       Land Units with Sente that e owns;

   with the text:

                     * if the Weather for Stems is Plenty, 3 Stems
                       for each 5 Land Units with Sente that e owns;
                     * if the Weather for Stems is Fair, 2 Stems for
                       each 5 Land Units with Sente that e owns;
                     * if the Weather for Stems is Foul, 1 Stem for
                       each 5 Land Units with Sente that e owns;

Amend Rule 1893 (The Treasuror's Budget) by replacing the text that reads:

      The Treasuror's Budget shall also contain the Foul Weather
      Factor and the Weather Intensity Factor. Both are numbers
      between 0 and 10 inclusive that are evenly divisible by 0.1.

   with the text:

      The Treasuror's Budget shall also contain the Foul Weather
      Factor and the Weather Intensity Factor for each Bank currency.
      Both are numbers between 0 and 10 inclusive that are evenly
      divisible by 0.1.