ID: 4470
Title: Close the Tax Shelter
Author: Steve
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1

Proposal
Close the Tax Shelter

Repeal Rule 1917 (General Currency Taxation).

Amend Rule 1853 (Levying Taxes) to read:

  (a) Taxes may be levied only by a person explicitly empowered by the
      rules to do so; each currency Recordkeepor is empowered to levy a
      tax on that currency, and is herein referred to as "the taxing
      authority". 

  (b) The procedure for levying a tax may be summarized as follows:
      first, the taxing authority publically issues an announcement of
      intent to levy a tax; second, at a later point, the taxing
      authority publically issues a tax notice.

  (c) To be valid, both the notice of intent to levy a tax, and the tax
      notice itself, must specify the elements of the tax, viz., the
      currency being taxed, the tax rate expressed as a percentage of
      holdings (which may not exceed 50% unless the Rule authorizing the
      tax explicitly permits it), and any exemptions. 

  (d) An exemption is specified as a percentage of the holdings of a
      taxable entity. It may be set at the discretion of the taxing
      authority, provided that:

      (1) all players are exempt identical amounts,
      (2) all non-players are exempt identical amounts, and
      (3) the non-players' exemption is less than or equal to the
          players' exemption.

  (e) A notice of intent to levy a tax may not validly be issued while
      another attempt to levy a tax in that currency is proceeding in
      accordance with this rule.

  (f) A tax notice may only validly be issued between seven and fourteen
      days after the publication of a valid notice of intent to levy a
      tax, and at least 30 days after the publication of the last valid 
      tax notice (if there has been one).

  (g) A tax notice must also indicate the currency holdings of each
      taxable entity at the time of the publication of the notice of
      intent to levy a tax, and the tax debt incurred by each such
      entity. 
      
  (h) The tax debt for each taxable entity is calculated on the
      basis of the entity's holdings at the time of the publication of
      the notice of intent to levy a tax. Any holdings exempt from the
      tax are exempted, and the tax is applied to the remainder at the
      specified tax rate. 

  (i) Any error in the calculation of holdings or tax debts for a
      taxable entity does not invalidate the tax notice with respect to 
      the other taxable entities mentioned in it.

  (j) Upon the publication of a valid tax notice, each taxable entity
      incurs a debt to the Bank equal to the tax debt for that entity.

  (k) All entities are taxable, except for:
      (1) the Bank, 
      (2) rebellious players who were rebellious at the time the
          intent to levy was published, and
      (3) entities explicitly specified by the rule authorizing the
          levy as non-taxable for that levy.