ID: 4477
Title: Votes of No Confidence
Author: Sherlock
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2


[* Add a Vote Type of NO CONFIDENCE *]


Amend Rule 683 (Voting on Proposals) to read:


       A Voter authorised to cast votes on a particular Proposal may do
       so only by informing the Assessor of the vote or votes e is
       casting on that Proposal. Once cast, a vote cannot be changed or
       cancelled by the Voter which cast it, although it may be
       cancelled as other Rules require.


       A vote upon a Proposal must be one of FOR, AGAINST, ABSTAIN and
       NO CONFIDENCE (or an obvious synonym of one of these).
       Something which is not one of these is not a vote upon a Proposal.


Amend Rule 879 (Quorum) to read:


       (a) An ordinary proposal achieves quorum if at least three
           oligarchs cast votes on it, and the Speaker did not veto it.


       (b) A democratic proposal achieves quorum if at least one third
           of all active noisy players cast votes on it.


       (c) Quorum for a democratic proposal shall be determined from
           the number of active noisy players at the time that the
           proposal was distributed, or at the time it was made a
           democratic proposal, whichever is later.


       (d) Votes of NO CONFIDENCE do not count towards quorum.


[* Take Out Presence *]


Repeal Rule 1715 (Announcing One's Presence).


Amend Rule 1764 (Modes of Voting) by replacing the text that reads:


       (d)  (1) If the mode of voting is Public, then any other Rule to
                the contrary notwithstanding, the casting of any votes,
                or the declaration of Presence, by Voters on that
                Issue, may only be achieved by sending a message to the
                Public Forum.


            (2) If the mode of voting is Private, then any other Rule
                to the contrary notwithstanding, the casting of any
                votes, or the declaration of Presence, by Voters
                on that Issue, may only be achieved by sending a
                message privately to the Vote Collector.


            (3) If the mode of voting is Unrestricted, then any other
                Rule to the contrary notwithstanding, the casting of
                any votes, or the declaration of Presence, by Voters
                on that Issue, may be achieved by sending a message
                either publicly or privately.


   with the text:


       (d)  (1) If the mode of voting is Public, then any other Rule to
                the contrary notwithstanding, the casting of any votes
                by Voters on that Issue, may only be achieved by
                sending a message to the Public Forum.


            (2) If the mode of voting is Private, then any other Rule
                to the contrary notwithstanding, the casting of any
                votes by Voters on that Issue, may only be achieved by
                sending a message privately to the Vote Collector.


            (3) If the mode of voting is Unrestricted, then any other
                Rule to the contrary notwithstanding, the casting of
                any votes by Voters on that Issue, may be achieved by
                sending a message either publicly or privately.


Amend Rule 1835 (Standing Down) by replacing the text that reads:


       Any votes cast for a Player who stands down are cancelled, and
       any Player who cast such a vote is considered to have declared
       eir Presence in that Election.


   with the text:


       Any votes cast for a Player who stands down are cancelled.