ID: 4494
Title: Team Scores
Author: Peekee
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1


Proposal: "Team Scores"

[Changed scoring clause (c), to Steve's Suggestion.]

Amend Rule 2041 "Teams" to read as follows,

All Players are grouped into units known as Teams.  No Player may belong
to more than one Team at any time.

Each Team shall have a Team Name by which it is known.  A Player in a
Team may change that Team's Team Name with the Support of two other
Players in the same Team.


Create a rule titled "Team Points, Team Scores" to read as follows,

A Team Score is at all times an integer.  The Team Score of a Team is
the total sum of all Points of all Players grouped into that Team, plus
the Team's Team Points.

A Team who has not been Awarded or Penalized since the last Team Win has
zero Team Points.

The Rules may specify that certain events may cause a certain Team to be
Awarded or Penalised Team Points. If said event occurs, then any Player
may notify the Scorekeepor of the Award or Penalty. The Scorekeepor
shall then note the change in the affected Team Points.

Such a notification must meet the following requirements, else it is
ineffective:
-- It must be sent within 7 days of the event
-- It must unambiguously describe the event
-- It must indicate the Rule allowing the Award or Penalty
-- It must be the first valid notification for that specific event


Create a rule titled "Team Scoring" to read as follows,

(a) If all the Players on a Team Vote on a Democratic Proposal, the Team
may be Awarded 10 Team Points.
(b) If none of the Players on a Team Vote on a Democratic Proposal, the
Team may be Penalised 20 Team Points.
(c) If all the players on a Team vote FOR a Democratic Proposal and none
of them vote AGAINST it, or all the players on a Team vote AGAINST a
Democratic Proposal and none of them vote FOR it, the Team may be
awarded 10 Team points. (d) If all the Players on a Team Vote in an
Election, the Team may be Awarded 10 Team Points.
(e) If none of the Players on a Team Vote in an Election, the Team may
be Penalised 20 Team Points.
(f) If all the Players on a Team Vote for the same Candidate in an
Election, the Team may be awarded 10 Team Points.
(g) If a Revolt succeeds, and every Player on a Team is Rebellious, the
Team may be Awarded 30 Points.
(h) If a Revolt fails, and every Player on a Team is Rebellious, the
Team may be Penalised 30 Points.
(i) Once in each Agoran week if all the Players on a Team are
Immaculate, the Team may be Awarded 5 Team Points.