ID: 4497
Title: ANF bugfixes
Author: Steve
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1


Proposal
ANF bugfixes

[Bugfix 1]
Amend Rule 649 (Patent Titles) by replacing:
      Unless otherwise specified, each Patent Title has Historical
      Significance.  The Herald may, Without Objection, cause that
      Title to lose its Historical Significance.  That Title
      immediately gains Hysterical Significance.
with:
      Significance is a stuck switch for Patent Titles with
      states Historical, Hysterical, and Ephemeral.  The Herald
      may, Without Objection, cause a Title be switched from
      Historical Significance to Hysterical Significance.

Amend Rule 1930 (Scoring) by replacing:
      (k) If a Player gains a Patent Title which e has not held during
          the 7 days prior to gaining it, e may be Awarded 5 Points.
with:
      (k) If a Player gains a Historical Patent Title which e has
          not held during the 7 days prior to gaining it, e may be
          Awarded 5 Points.

Amend the rule entitled Ephemera by replacing:
         A Patent Title is Ephemeral if
with:
         A Patent Title has Ephemeral significance if


[Bugfix 2]
Amend Rule 1908 (Abandoned property) by replacing:
      (3) Without Objection, transfer property owned by em to the
          Bank, unless the Dissolute was a player before eir property
          was abandoned; or
with
      (3) Without Objection, transfer property owned by em to the
          Mintor or Recordkeepor of that Property, unless the
          Dissolute was a player before eir property was abandoned;
          or


[Bugfix 3]

All debts denoted in Stems, Papyri, voting entitlements or
Indulgences are forgiven.

All rights to demand the return of Property under R1598(f) are
forfeited.

Amend Rule 1942 (Property) by appending the following text:

      If a category of properties ceases to exist, all debts
      of that property shall cease to exist.  The former
      recordkeepor of that property category must, as soon as
      possible after the category ceases to exist, publish
      entities' holdings of that category as they existed
      immediately before this destruction.

      If a Player destroys a category of property for which
      e is a debtor, e commits the Class-4 Crime of Writing
      Bad Checks.