ID: 4502
Title: Scorekeepor's Budget
Author: Peekee
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1


Proposal: "Scorekeepor's Budget"

[Changes since proto: Adopted various peoples suggestions, thanks.]

Create a Rule titled "The Scorkeepor's Budget" to read as follows

The Scorekeepor's Budget shall contain the following:

(a) The Team Points Goal, which is a positive integer;
(b) The PLIMIT and PPP, which are both positive integers; and
(c) Various Scoring Events;

Each Scoring Event must contain the following information:

(1) Whether it is an Award or a Penalty;
(2) The amount of the Award or Penalty, which is a positive integer;
(3) The conditions required for the Event to occur;
(4) A description of which Player or Team is to receive the Award or
Penalty.

If the conditions for a Scoring Event are met then the given Player or
Team may be Awarded or Penalized an amount of Points as in that Event's
description in the Scorekeepor's Budget.


On the adoption of this Proposal the Scorekeepor's Budget is set as
follows,

(a) The Team Points Goal is 400.
(b) The PLIMIT is 20, the PPP is 5.
(c) The following are Scoring Events,

* If a Player wins a contested Election, e may be Awarded 10 Points.
* If a Player Resigns from an Office, e may be Penalized 5 Points.
* If a Player is Impeached, e may be Penalized 15 Points.
* If a Revolt succeeds, each Rebellious Player may be Awarded 15 Points.
* If a Revolt fails, each Rebellious Player may be Penalized 10 Points.
* If a Player submits a Disinterested Proposal which is Adopted, e may
be Awarded 1 Point, plus 1 Point for each vote that was cast AGAINST the
Proposal.
* If a Player submits an Interested Proposal which is Adopted, e may be
Awarded 4 Points, plus 1 Point for each vote that was cast AGAINST the
Proposal.
* If a Player is the only Player to Vote either FOR or AGAINST a
particular Proposal that e did not write or Propose, e may be Awarded 2
Points.
* If a Judgement is Sustained on Appeal, the original Judge may be
Awarded 5 Points
* If a Judgement is Overturned on Appeal, the original Judge may be
Penalized 5 Points.
* If a Player gains a Patent Title which e has not held during the 7
days prior to gaining it, e may be Awarded 5 Points.
* If a Player is granted a Degree e has not previously held, e may be
Awarded 10 Points.

* If all the Players on a Team Vote on a Democratic Proposal, the Team
may be Awarded 10 Team Points.
* If none of the Players on a Team Vote on a Democratic Proposal, the
Team may be Penalised 20 Team Points.
* If all the players on a Team vote FOR a Democratic Proposal and none
of them vote AGAINST it, or all the players on a Team vote AGAINST a
Democratic Proposal and none of them vote FOR it, the Team may be
awarded 10 Team points.
* If all the Players on a Team Vote in an Election, the Team may be
Awarded 10 Team Points.
* If none of the Players on a Team Vote in an Election, the Team may be
Penalised 20 Team Points.
* If all the Players on a Team Vote for the same Candidate in an
Election, the Team may be awarded 10 Team Points.
* If a Revolt succeeds, and every Player on a Team is Rebellious, the
Team may be Awarded 30 Points.
* If a Revolt fails, and every Player on a Team is Rebellious, the Team
may be Penalised 30 Points.
* Once in each Agoran week if all the Players on a Team are Immaculate,
the Team may be Awarded 5 Team Points.


Amend Rule 2042, "Team Wins" by replacing the text "reaches 400." with
the text "reaches the Team Points Goal, as set in the Scorekeepor's
Budget."


Amend Rule 1990, "Points Contests" to read as follows, 

A Contest may be a Points Contest if its ACO specifically states that it
is a Points Contest.  A Player may not be the Contestmaster of more than
one Points Contest in a single Agoran month.

The PLIMIT and PPP (Points Per Player) are as set in the Scorekeepor's
Budget.

Once during each month that starts while the Contest exists, a Points
Contest's Contestmaster may post a single valid Notice of Award to the
Public Forum, listing any number of the Contest's Contestants, and a
listing a positive number of Points to be awarded to each Contestant on
the list.  Different Contestants may be awarded different numbers of
points in the same listing. The posting must obey all regulations for
such posting contained in the Contest's SLC to be valid.

The total Points listed to be awarded to all Contestants in each such
monthly Notice may not exceed PPP times the number of Players who were
Contestants of the Contest at any time in the 14 days prior to the
Notice.  If more points than this are listed the Notice is invalid.

The total number of Points that a single Player may receive from all
Points Contests in a single month may not exceed the PLIMIT.  If a
Points Contest Notice would bring a Player's total to more points than
this than the Notice is invalid for that Player only.

The posting of such a Notice of Award, if valid, is an event Awarding
the listed Points to the listed Players.


Repeal Rule 1930, "Scoring"
Repeal the Rule titled "Team Scoring"