ID: 4518
Title: Mornington Crescent
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1


Each vote on this proposal may be accompanied by an additional flag for
one or more numbered sections.  These additional flags shall have values
that would be valid as votes.  Unspecified flags are deemed to have the
same value as the vote.

If the additional flags for a given section would (if they were votes)
prevent the adoption of this proposal, then that section is entirely
without effect, even if this proposal is adopted.

Section 1:  Activity
Section 2:  Noisiness
Section 3:  Role
Section 4:  Readiness
Section 5:  Orthodoxy
Section 6:  Orientation
Section 7:  Depth / Interest

Amend Rule 2040 (Switches) by replacing this text:

       Viscosity is a stuck switch for switches with values loose and
       stuck.

with this text:

       A switch is loose unless the rules define it as stuck.

and, if Section 6 takes effect, by replacing this text:

       The recordkeepor for a class of entities shall also maintain
       records of any switches associated with that class, as well as
       for each entity of the class the current state of the switch.
       If the recordkeepor is required to publish a report, that report
       shall include records of these switches.

with this text:

       The recordkeepor for a class of entities shall also maintain
       records of any switches associated with that class, as well as
       the current state of the switch for each entity of the class.
       If the recordkeepor is required to publish a report, that report
       shall include records of these switches.  The rules may require
       a different player to maintain and report these records.

If Section 1 takes effect, then amend Rule 1016 (Activity Levels) to read:

       Activity is a stuck player switch with values active and inactive.

       "Off hold" and "on hold" are unambiguous synonyms for "active" and
       "inactive", respectively.

       A player may flip eir activity, unless e has done so within the
       past week.

       Inactive players may not vote, make proposals, hold office, or be
       a judge of a CFJ.  An inactive player may not be required by the
       rules to perform any duty or action, unless the rules explicitly
       state that they can require inactive players to perform that duty
       or action.

       This rule takes precedence over all other rules that regulate
       activity, or the powers or duties that a player may have because
       of eir activity.

If Section 2 takes effect, then amend Rule 1042 (Deregistration Due to
Silence) to read:

       Noisiness is a stuck player switch with values noisy, quiet, and
       silent.

       A non-noisy player becomes noisy whenever e posts to a public forum.

       A player may flip another player's noisiness from noisy to quiet,
       unless e has done so for another player within the past 24 hours.

       If a player has been quiet continuously for one month, or inactive
       continuously for three months, e becomes silent.

       Any player may publish a Notice of Abandonment, identifying
       another player and alleging that that player has abandoned the
       game. A Notice of Abandonment is or becomes invalid if the player
       identified in it is not, or ceases to be, silent.

If Section 3 takes effect, then amend Rule 1960 (Roles) to read:

       Role is a stuck player switch with values null, politician, scribe,
       and acolyte.

       A player may flip eir role if one of the following is true:

           a) Eir role is null.

           b) E has not changed eir role in the past three months.

           c) E has not changed eir role in the past six weeks, and e
              pays a fee of 2 kudos for the purpose of making this change.

           d) E pays a fee of 6 kudos for the purpose of making this change.

If Section 4 takes effect, then amend Rule 869 (Registered Players) by
replacing this text:

       Each Player is always either Ready or Unready, but not both.  A
       Player is Ready unless the Rules state otherwise.  If a Player
       is Unready, e may become Ready by announcing that e does so.

with this text:

       Readiness is a stuck player switch with values ready and unready.

       An unready player may flip eir readiness to ready.

If Section 5 takes effect, then amend Rule 1840 (Political Status) by
replacing this text:

       Each player's Political Status is either Abiding or Rebellious;
       the Registrar shall include a list of Rebellious players in the
       Registrar's Report.  A player can change eir Political Status by
       publicly announcing e does so, provided e has not changed eir
       Political Status during the current month. A new players is
       always Abiding when e becomes a player.

with this text:

       Orthodoxy is a stuck player switch with values abiding and
       rebellious.

       A player may flip eir orthodoxy, unless e has done so during the
       current month.

If Section 6 takes effect, then amend Rule 1871 (Turns for All) to read:

       Orientation is a stuck player switch with values unturned and
       turned.  The Clerk of the Courts shall maintain and report
       records for this switch.

       Whenever a player is selected as Trial Judge of a CFJ, e becomes
       turned.  Turned players are ineligible to be Trial Judge of any
       future CFJs.

       Whenever there are no players eligible to be Trial Judge of a
       CFJ, all turned players become unturned.

If Section 6 takes effect, then amend Rule 2035 (The Unready are Ineligible)
to read:

       Whenever an unready player is unturned, e becomes turned.

If Section 6 takes effect, then amend Rule 2032 (Errors in Judge Selection)
by replacing the text "Turning Around And Around" with "turned".

If Section 6 takes effect, then upon the adoption of this proposal, all
players who were Turning Around And Around immediately prior to the adoption
of this proposal become turned.

If Section 7 takes effect, then amend Rule 1952 (Making Proposals
Distributable) to read:

       Depth is a stuck proposal switch with values undistributable and
       distributable.

       A player may flip a proposal's depth to distributable by paying a
       fee equal to its Distribution Cost, or to undistributable by paying
       a fee equal to twice its Distribution Cost.

If Section 7 takes effect, then amend Rule 1623 (Disinterested Proposals) to
read:

       Interest is a stuck proposal switch with values interested and
       disinterested.

       A player may flip an undistributed proposal's interest to
       disinterested, without objection.

       When a proposal becomes disinterested, it becomes distributable,
       and its depth may not be flipped to undistributable while it
       remains disinterested.