ID: 4527
Title: Round the Bend
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2


Amend Rule 2040 (Switches) by replacing this text:

        Viscosity is a stuck switch for switches with values loose and
        stuck.

with this text:

        A switch is loose unless the rules define it as stuck.

and by replacing this text:

        The recordkeepor for a class of entities shall also maintain
        records of any switches associated with that class, as well as
        for each entity of the class the current state of the switch.
        If the recordkeepor is required to publish a report, that report
        shall include records of these switches.

with this text:

        The recordkeepor for a class of entities shall also maintain
        records of any switches associated with that class, as well as
        the current state of the switch for each entity of the class.
        If the recordkeepor is required to publish a report, that report
        shall include records of these switches.  The rules may require
        a different player to maintain and report these records.

Amend Rule 1016 (Activity Levels) to read:

        Activity is a stuck player switch with values active and inactive.

        "Off hold" and "on hold" are unambiguous synonyms for "active" and
        "inactive", respectively.

        A player may flip eir activity, unless e has done so within the
        past week.

        Inactive players may not vote, make proposals, hold office, or be
        a judge of a CFJ.  An inactive player may not be required by the
        rules to perform any duty or action, unless the rules explicitly
        state that they can require inactive players to perform that duty
        or action.

        This rule takes precedence over all other rules that regulate
        activity, or the powers or duties that a player may have because
        of eir activity.

Amend Rule 1840 (Political Status) by replacing this text:

        Each player's Political Status is either Abiding or Rebellious;
        the Registrar shall include a list of Rebellious players in the
        Registrar's Report.  A player can change eir Political Status by
        publicly announcing e does so, provided e has not changed eir
        Political Status during the current month. A new players is
        always Abiding when e becomes a player.

with this text:

        Orthodoxy is a stuck player switch with values abiding and
        rebellious.

        A player may flip eir orthodoxy, unless e has done so during the
        current month.

Amend Rule 2035 (The Unready are Ineligible) to read:

        Whenever an unready player is unturned, e becomes turned.