ID: 4533
Title: Bolshevik Revolution of 2003, with Glasnost
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2


Repeal Rule 1942 (Property).
Repeal Rule 2030 (Property Protection).
Repeal Rule 1959 (Wills).
Repeal Rule 1908 (Abandoned Property).
Repeal Rule 1467 (Definition of a Currency).
Repeal Rule 1579 (Mintors).
Repeal Rule 1722 (Creation of New Currencies).
Repeal Rule 1471 (Creation and Destruction of Units of Currency).
Repeal Rule 1598 (Property Transfers).
Repeal Rule 1596 (Debt).
Repeal Rule 1599 (Overdue Debts).
Repeal Rule 1853 (Levying Taxes).
Repeal Rule 1887 (Auctions and the Default Auction Procedure).

Amend Rule 1458 (The Notary) to read:

         The Notary is an office; its holder is responsible for
         maintaining a record of organizations and their jurisdictions.

         The Notary's weekly report shall include the following
         information for each organization:

           a) Its name.
           b) Its administrator.
           c) Its executor.
           d) The maintainer of its charter.
           e) A list of players within its jurisdiction.

         The Notary's monthly report shall include the charter of each
         organization.

         As soon as possible after the creation or dissolution of an
         organization, the Notary shall announce that fact.  If an
         organization is created, the Notary shall announce the above
         information for that organization.

Amend Rule 1539 (Regulations and Membership of Contests) to read:

         The regulations of a contest may specify the following:

           a) How a contestmaster is replaced.  No person may become
              contestmaster without eir consent.  If left unspecified,
              the contestmaster cannot change while the contest exists.

           b) Restrictions on players to become contestants.

           c) Conditions under which contestants cease to be contestants.

         No player is bound to obey any regulation or combination of
         regulations that conflict with the Rules.

         A player becomes a contestant, or ceases to be a contestant, by
         notifying the contestmaster.

         A contestmaster may publicly resign at any time, at which time
         e ceases to be contestmaster.

Amend Rule 1742 (Agreements between Players) to read:

         Players may make agreements among themselves with the intention
         that such agreements will be binding under the rules.  If such
         an agreement is subsequently broken, any player party to that
         agreement may then call a CFJ alleging that the agreement has
         been broken.  If the judge of such a CFJ finds that the
         agreement was entered into with the intention that the
         agreement be binding under the rules, and that the agreement has
         in fact been broken, then e may order the breaching party to
         perform according to the agreement, or perform substitute acts
         that would fairly serve the interests of the agreement; e may
         further order the other parties of the agreement to perform
         such acts as may be necessary to preserve fairness and justice.

         Nothing in this rule shall be construed so as to impair the
         enforcement of an agreement which requires a Player to violate
         another agreement.

         If a CFJ alleging that an agreement has been broken is called by
         anyone who is not party to that agreement, then it lacks standing
         and shall be dismissed.

Amend Rule 1794 (Classes of Orders) by replacing this text:

           (f) An Administrative Order is an Order executed by an
               Officer in the course of performing the duties or
               privileges of that Office.  For the purpose of this
               Rule, the following positions are deemed to be Offices:

                  (i) The Speaker.
                 (ii) The Recordkeepor of a Currency.

with this text:

           (f) An Administrative Order is an Order executed by an
               Officer in the course of performing the duties or
               privileges of that Office.  For the purpose of this
               Rule, the Speaker is deemed to be an Office.