ID: 4536
Title: The Omnibus Reform Act of 2003
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1


Create a Rule titled "No Double Jeopardy for Orders" with this text:

        An Order is invalid if it requires an entity to perform an
        action that e is already required to perform, or to refrain
        from performing an action that e is already required to
        refrain from performing.

Upon the adoption of this Proposal, the gamestate becomes what it would
be if Eris, Murphy, Oerjan, and Pakaran each received the Boon of Teamwork
exactly once during October 2003.

Amend Rule 1929 (Points) by replacing the text "the last Team Win" with
"the last Score Reset".

Amend Rule 2053 (Team Points, Team Scores) by replacing the text "the
last Team Win" with "the last Score Reset".

Amend Rule 2042 (Team Wins) to read:

        A Team achieves a Team Win when its Team Score reaches the Team
        Points Goal, as set in the Scorekeepor's Budget.  When this
        occurs, no other Team may achieve a Team Win until after the
        next Score Reset.

        For the purpose of this Rule, "Winners" refers to Players who
        belonged to the winning Team at the time of the Team Win, and
        "Good Try'ers" refers to Players who belonged to the Team with
        the lowest Team Score at the time of the Team Win.

        The Scorekeepor shall announce a Team Win as soon as possible
        after it occurs.  Upon this announcement, a Score Reset occurs.

        As soon as possible after a Score Reset, the Scorekeepor shall
        award the Boon of Teamwork to each Winner.

        As soon as possible after a Score Reset, the Scorekeepor shall
        reassign Players to Teams as follows, by announcement.  Whenever
        multiple choices of Player or Team are available, the Scorekeepor
        shall choose between them as e sees fit.

          a) The Winner who had the highest Score at the time of the
             Team Win shall be reassigned to the Team that had the
             lowest Team Score at the time of the Team Win.

          b) The Good Try'er who had the lowest Score at the time of
             the Team Win shall be reassigned so as to distribute the
             Players as evenly as possible among the Teams.

          c) All other Players remain assigned to the same Teams.

Amend Rule 1958 (Nominating with Budgets) by replacing this text:

        (d) When the voting period begins, the vote collector shall
            announce each candidate's last valid proto-budget.

        (e) When the voting period ends, the winner's last valid
            proto-budget becomes the budget of that office, and e shall
            announce it as soon as possible. If the election ends
            without a winner, then the existing Budget remains in
            effect.

with this text:

        (d) As soon as possible after the end of the nominating period,
            the vote collector shall announce each candidate's last
            valid proto-budget.

        (e) When the election ends, the winner's last valid proto-budget
            becomes the budget of that office, and the winner shall
            announce it as soon as possible.  If the election ends
            without a winner, then the existing budget remains in effect.

Upon the adoption of this Proposal, the gamestate becomes what it would
be if, whenever an Election for Office ended with a winner and a valid
proto-budget, but without a Voting Period, the proto-budget became the
budget for that Office.

Upon the adoption of this Proposal, Oligarchic Terms of Service are
set as follows (all times in UTC):

        root           14 Nov 2004 04:35:11
        Steve          26 Dec 2003 05:37:57
        Murphy         12 Mar 2004 05:41:19
        RedKnight      29 Nov 2003 07:18:41