ID: 4542
Title: Pragmatize Scoring
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1


Change the title of Rule 2055 to "The Scorekeepor's Budget", and
amend it to read:

        The Scorekeepor's Budget shall contain the following:

          a) The Team Points Goal, a positive integer.
          b) The Player Points Limit, a positive integer.
          c) Points Per Player, a positive integer.
          d) One or more scoring events, each with the following
             information:
                 i) Whether it is an award or a penalty.
                ii) The amount of the award/penalty, a positive integer.
               iii) The conditions required for the event to occur.
                iv) A description of which player/team receives the
                    award/penalty.

        Each scoring event in the Scorekeepor's Budget may cause the
        specified player/team to be awarded/penalized the specified
        number of points, as defined by other rules.

Amend Rule 1990 (Points Contest) by changing "PPP (Points Per Player)"
to "Points Per Player", then changing each instance of "PPP" to "Points
Per Player", then changing each instance of "PLIMIT" to "Player Points
Limit".

Amend Rule 1929 (Points) by appending this text:

        If the event did not actually occur, and the notification is
        challenged within 7 days for this reason, then the notification
        is invalid and points do not change.

        If the event did not actually occur, and the notification is
        not challenged within 7 days for this reason, then the notification
        is valid and points change.  If the notification is challenged
        later, then the player may be penalized/awarded a number of points
        equal to the original award/penalty.

Amend Rule 2053 (Team Points, Team Scores) by appending this text:

        If the event did not actually occur, and the notification is
        challenged within 7 days for this reason, then the notification
        is invalid and points do not change.

        If the event did not actually occur, and the notification is
        not challenged within 7 days for this reason, then the notification
        is valid and points change.  If the notification is challenged
        later, then the team may be penalized/awarded a number of points
        equal to the original award/penalty.