ID: 4546
Title: The Points of Champions
Author: Goethe
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1


The Points of Champions

[Points Contests were designed to work with individuals' points;
that is, if co-conspiring Contestmasters awarded each other
points, the result would be zero sum for them.  With teams, this
is no longer the case; a team of 5 can trivially generate 100 points
a month for themselves.]

Repeal Rule 1990 (Points Contests).

Amend Rule 2013 (Champion's Contests) to read:

    If no Champion's Contest exists, the Scorekeepor or the Speaker
    may, with 2 Support, name an existing Contest to be a Champion's
    Contest.  The namers are encouraged to select Contests that they
    feel would give the maximum enjoyment to Agorans as a whole, and
    give preference to Contests run by Players who were members of the
    most recently winning team.

    The Contestmaster of a Champion's Contest ceases to be a member of
    any team, rules to the contrary nonwithstanding.  If e ceases to be
    Contestmaster of a Champion's Contest, e shall be assigned to a team
    as if e were a new Player.

    Each Champion's Contest begins with zero awardable points, as tracked
    by the Scorekeepor.  At the beginning of each month, the Contest's
    awardable points are increased by the Champion's Grant contained in
    the Scorekeepor's Budget.

    A Champion's Contest Contestmaster may publish a Notice of Award,
    listing a positive number of Points to be awarded to a team or teams.
    The posting must obey all regulations for such posting contained in
    the Contest's SLC, and award no more than the Contest's awardable
    points, to be valid.

    The effect of a valid Notice of Award is to increase the named
    teams' points as indicated, and decrease the Contest's awardable
    points by the same amount.

    When a Team Win occurs, any Champion's Contest ceases to be a
    Champion's Contest and loses all awardable points.


Amend Rule 2055 (The Scorkeepor's Budget) by replacing the text:
      (b) The PLIMIT and PPP, which are both positive integers; and
with
      (b) The Champion's Grant, which is a positive integer; and



The Champion's Grant is hereby set to 60.


Rename Rule 2055 to 'The Scorekeepor's Budget'.