ID: 4555
Title: Vox Populi
Author: Elysion
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2


[Friends, Agorans, lend me your ears. We have been subject to the
tyrannical rule of an aristocracy. It is time for the people to make
their voices heard and replace these institutions with a representative
republic. The revolution is upon us!

The outline of the new system is:

+ Each player has a Lobbying Strength, which may be increased by paying
  a fee

+ Players may use eir Lobbying Strength to support another player by
  joining that player's coalition
  
+ A player is eligible to become an Oligarch only if eir coalition has
  enough Lobbying Strength

Changes since the proto:

+ "than than" was corrected in the proposed amendment to rule 1936
]

Upon the adoption of this proposal, the Potency Threshold is set to
equal 6, the Political Charge is set to equal the Oligarchy Charge
Requirement immediately prior to the adoption of this proposal, and the
Lobbying Strength of each Player is set to 1.

Create a rule with power 2 entitled "Coalitions" reading:

      Each Player shall have associated with them a list known as that
      Player's Coalition. A Coalition consists of a set (possibly null)
      of registered Players. At any time, a player may be a member of at
      most one Coalition. A player may be a member of eir own Coalition.
      Whenever a member of a Coalition ceases to be a Player, e is
      removed from that Coalition.

      A Player may join a Coalition by announcing e does so and
      specifying which Coalition e is joining, provided e has not
      successfully made such an announcement in the past week and is not
      currently a member of another Coalition. A Player may leave a 
      Coalition e is a member of by announcing e does so.


Create a rule with power 2 entitled "Potency and Lobbying" reading:

      Each Player has two associated non-negative integral numbers
      known as that Player's Potency and Lobbying Strength.

      A Player's Potency is equal to the sum of the Lobbying Strengths
      of the members of eir Coalition.

      At any time, a Player may, by announcement, increase their
      Lobbying Strength by a positive integral amount, N. The Fee
      associated with this action is the Political Charge multiplied by
      N, or half that amount (rounded up) if the Player is a Politician.

      At the beginning of each new month, every Player's Lobbying
      Strength is set to 1. Whenever a Player registers, eir Lobbying
      Strength is set to 1.


Rename rule 1932 (The Oligarchy) to "Oligarchs and the Oligarchy" and
amend it to read:

      Class is a stuck player switch with values Plebeian and Oligarch.
      A Plebeian may flip eir class if eir Potency is greater than or
      equal to the
 Potency Threshold. An Oligarch may flip eir class at
      any time.

      The Oligarchy is the set of all Players who are Oligarchs.


Amend rule 1955 (The Grand Warden of the Oligarchy) to read:

      (a) The Grand Warden of the Oligarchy (GWotO) is an office; its
          holder is recordkeepor of Oligarchs.

      (b) The GWotO's Weekly Report shall include a list of all
          Oligarchs, the membership of each Player's Coalition, the
          Potency and Lobbying Strength of each Player, the
          identity of the Speaker, and the date of the next quarterly
          Speaker transition.
                                                                        
                                     
      (c) The GWotO shall have a budget containing the Political Charge,
          which is a positive integer less than 10, and the Potency
          Threshold, which is a positive integer less than 10.
                                                                        
                                     
      (d) The GWotO may Without 2 Objections from Oligarchs replace
          the budget with a proto-budget e publishes when e announces
          eir intent to do so.


Amend Rule 1963 (Eligible Oligarchs) by replacing the text reading:

          (5) e is the Grand Warden of the Oligarchy; or

with:

          (5) e is the Grand Warden of the Oligarchy; or
          (6) eir Potency is less than the Potency Threshold and
              has been continuously so for at least five days;


[And some cleanup.]

Repeal rule 2027 (Vacant Oligarchy)
Repeal rule 1936 (Oligarchic Service)

Amend rule 1664 (Rebellion) by replacing the text reading:

      - The GWotO shall remove all Abiding Oligarchs from the Oligarchy

with:

      - The Lobbying Strength of each Abiding Player is set to 0

and removing the text reading ", Oligarchy membership"


Amend rule 2058 (Removing Oligarchs from the Oligarchy) by replacing:

      If this notice is correct, the named Player ceases to be an
      Oligarch as of the GWotO's announcement.

with:

      If this notice is correct, the named Player's class is flipped
      to Plebeian as of the GWotO's announcement.


Amend rule 2052 (Voting Potential) by replacing all instances of
"Oligarchy Charge Requirement" with "Political Charge"