ID: 4573
Title: Creating the Framework for Cards
Author: Wes
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1


Create a new Rule titled "The Deckmastor" with the following text:

      The Deckmastor is an office which acts as the recordkeepor for 
      Cards. The Deckmastor's Weekly Report shall contain a record of 
      all Cards in existence and what entity possesses each Card.

      The Deckmastor shall have a budget containing the Maximum Hand
      Size, which is a positive integer between 3 and 10. In the 
      absence of a budget, the Maximum Hand Size shall be 5.

      The Deck is a Gambler. The Deckmastor shall be the sole Executor 
      of The Deck, but may take no action on behalf of The Deck except 
      as explicitly permitted by the Rules. The Deck may not transfer 
      Cards to any other entity except as explicitly required by the 
      Rules.

      Only the Deckmastor may create or destroy Cards, and e may do
      if and only if the Rules require it by announcing the Card being
      created or destroyed and the entity who either possesses it now 
      or possessed it at the time of destruction as appropriate.


Create a new Rule titled "Card Definitions" with the following text:

      I. Possession

      Cards may be possessed by Gamblers. All Players are Gamblers.
      If at any time a Card is not possessed by a Gambler, it 
      immediately and automatically returns to the possession of 
      The Deck.

      The Gambler that possesses a Card is that Card's Holder and 
      Holds that Card. All Cards possessed by a particular Gambler 
      are collectively referred to as that Gambler's Hand. A 
      Gambler's Hand Size is the number of Cards in eir Hand plus
      one for each Pending Draw for that Gambler. 

      II. Definitions

      The Rules may define a Class of Card by specifying a Caption, a
      Quota, zero or more Elements, and zero or more Exploits. All 
      Cards of the same Class shall be identical and fungible. Each 
      individual instance of a Card shall be considered to be a Copy 
      of that Class of Card.

      (a) The Caption shall be the name of a particular Class of 
          Cards. No two Classes of Cards shall have the same Caption.

      (b) The Quota shall be a non-negative integer. If at any time 
          fewer Copies of a Class of Cards exist than its Quota, 
          then the Deckmastor shall create a Copy of that Card in the 
          possession of The Deck. If at any time more Copies of a 
          Class of Cards exist than its Quota, then the Deckmastor 
          shall destroy a Copy of that Card in the possession of The 
          Deck, unless no such Copies exist, in which case the 
          Deckmastor shall destroy a random Copy.

      (c) The Rules may define Elements for Cards. Each Element shall 
          have a name and a description. Any Card possessing the 
          Element of that name shall behave according to the 
          description associated with that Element. An Element not
          defined in the Rules has no effect.

      (d) An Exploit is an action that the Holder of that Card (and 
          only the Holder of that Card) may take if and only if e 
          meets the requirements and/or pays the costs outlined in 
          that Exploit. Any reference to "you," "your" or a similar 
          pronoun in the text of an Exploit refers to the Holder of 
          that Card. Taking an action described in an Exploit is 
          known as Playing the Card. Unless a Rule says otherwise, 
          a Card is automatically transferred to The Deck immediately
          after being Played.

      III. Actions

      No action involving Cards may be simultaneous with any other 
      action. No such action may be performed more than once 
      simultaneously. If any attempt is made to perform more than one 
      such action in such a way that the order of said actions is 
      unclear, all such actions fail.

      (a) Unless restricted from doing so by the rules, any Gambler
          possessing a Card may transfer that Card to any other 
          Gambler by announcing which Card is to be transferred and 
          the Gambler it shall be transferred to. All such transfers
          take place at the time they are announced.

          Discarding a Card is synonymous with transfering said Card
          to The Deck.

      (b) Drawing a Card and Drawing from The Deck are synonymous.

          When a Gambler Draws a Card, the Deckmastor shall be 
          required to randomly select one Card from among those 
          currently in The Deck's Hand and transfer it to that Gambler 
          as soon as possible. Until this transfer takes place, that 
          Gambler is said to have one Pending Draw for each such 
          transfer the Deckmastor is required to make, but has not 
          yet made.

          A Gambler may Draw from The Deck for a Fee equal to the
          number of times that Gambler has previously Drawn from the
          Deck during the current month so long as the Gambler's
          Hand Size is smaller than the Maximum Hand Size.


Create a new Rule titled "Card Powerz" with the following text:

      The following Elements for Cards are defined:

      * Budgeted: The Quota for this Card is determined in the
        Deckmastor's budget. If the budget is undefined, or does not
        set the Quota for this Card, then the Quota shall be 3.

      * Handed [X], where X is a non-negative integer: When
        calculating Hand Size, this Card counts as X Cards.

      * Restricted [X], where X is a type of entity: Only entities
        considered to be an X may Activate any Exploit possessed
        by the Card.

      * Limited [X] [Y], where X is a type of entity and Y is a 
        positive integer: For an entity not considered to be an X
        to Activate any Exploit possessed by the Card requires em to
        pay a Fee of Y.

      * Persistent: Playing this Card does not result in its being
        transferred to The Deck.

      * Bleed [X], where X is a non-negative integer: At the beginning
        of each week, the Holder of this card loses X Points.