ID: 4591
Title: Team Shuffling
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1


Proposal:  Team Shuffling

Amend Rule 2042 (Team Wins) by replacing this text, if the Proposal
"Fix Team Wins" was not adopted:

      1) The Player with the highest Score in the Team with the
         highest Team Score is assigned to the Team with the lowest
         Team Score.
 
      2) The Player who has the lowest Score in the Team with the
         lowest Team Score is assigned as to distribute the players as
         evenly as possible among the Teams.
                                                                                
      3) All other Players remain assigned to the same Teams.

or this text, if it was adopted:

          a) The Winner who had the highest Score at the time of the
             Team Win shall be reassigned to the Team that had the
             lowest Team Score at the time of the Team Win.

          b) The Good Try'er who had the lowest Score at the time of
             the Team Win shall be reassigned so as to distribute the
             Players as evenly as possible among the Teams.

          c) All other Players remain assigned to the same Teams.

with this text:

      1) For each Team with a positive Team Score, each Player on that
         Team gain Points equal to the Team Score divided by the number of
         Players on the Team.  For each Team with a negative Team Score,
         each Player on that Team loses Points equal to the absolute value
         of the Team Score divided by the number of Players on the Team.

      2) All Players cease to be assigned to a Team, and all Team Scores
         are set to zero.

      3) While there is at least one unassigned Player with a positive
         Score, the one with the highest Score is assigned to the Team
         with the lowest combined Player Score.

      4) While there is at least one unassigned Player with a negative
         Score, the one with the lowest Score (i.e. Score with highest
         absolute value) is assigned to the Team with the highest combined
         Player Score.

      5) While there is at least one unassigned Player, one of em is
         assigned to the Team with the least number of Players.

and, if the Proposal "Fix Team Wins" was adopted, then remove this text:

        For the purpose of this Rule, "Winners" refers to Players who
        belonged to the winning Team at the time of the Team Win, and
        "Good Try'ers" refers to Players who belonged to the Team with
        the lowest Team Score at the time of the Team Win.