ID: 4614
Title: Crimson Go
Author: Goethe
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2


[Apologies to Murphy for the partial theft]

Create a new rule titled "Takeover Proposals" with Power=2 and
this text:

       Initiative is a stuck player switch, tracked by the Assessor,
       with values Gote and Sente.

       A Takeover Proposal is a proposal meeting these requirements:

         (a) It is labelled as a Takeover Proposal.
         (b) No Takeover Proposal has been submitted earlier in the
             same month.
         (c) It specifies a set of players (hereafter the Corporate
             Raiders) that is no larger than P/2 or smaller than P/3,
             where P is the number of active noisy players at the time
             of submission.

       Rules to the Contrary nonwithstanding, a Takeover Proposal is
       both Democratic and Sane.

       At the beginning of a Takeover Proposal's voting period, all
       players have their initiative flipped to Gote.  At the end of a
       Takeover Proposal's voting period, all players have their
       initiative flipped as follows:
         (a) Adopted:  All Corporate Raiders gain Sente.
         (b) Rejected:  All other players gain Sente.
         (c) Failed quorum:  No one gains Sente.


Amend Rule 1950 (Voting Power) by replacing:
       (b) An entity's Voting Power on a Democratic Proposal is as
           follows:

             * A Player:
                   (a) two plus that Player's Voting Potential if that
                       Player has zero Share Holdings.
                   (b) one plus that Player's Voting Potential
                       otherwise.

             * Any other entity: as defined in the Rules, with a
               default of zero if the Rules don't specify the Voting
               power on a Democratic Proposal for that entity.

with:
       (b) An entity's Voting Power on a Democratic Proposal is as
           follows:
           (1) A Player:
                   (i)  that Player's Voting Potential if that Player
                        has Sente.
                   (ii) one otherwise.
           (2) Any other entity: as defined in the Rules, with a
               default of zero if the Rules don't specify the Voting
               power on a Democratic Proposal for that entity.


Amend Rule 1664 (Rebellion) by replacing:
          - All Stock Cards in the possession of Abiding Players are
            returned to the Deck

with:
          - All Stock Cards in the possession of Abiding Players are
            returned to the Deck, and all Abiding Players have their
            initiative switched to Gote.e a budget containing the Maximum Hand
     Size and the Minimum Hand Size, each of which is a positive
     integer between 2 and 10, with the Minimum being less than
     the Maximum. In the absence of a budget, the Maximum Hand Size
     shall be 5 and the Minimum Hand Size shall be 2.

The Minimum Hand Size is hereby set to 2.

//Now we remove the Old

//First let's not cheat anyone
When this Proposal takes effect, the team with the most points
shall be awarded an amount of points equal to the Team Points Goal,
and each member of that team shall be awarded the boon of a Daffodil,
and the captain (if any) shall be awarded the Patent Title Admiral.

//Then the destruction occurs
Repeal Rule 1928 (The Scorekeepor)
Repeal Rule 2055 (The Scorekeepor's Budget)
Repeal Rule 1929 (Points)
Repeal Rule 2041 (Teams)
Repeal Rule 2053 (Team Points, Team Scores)
Repeal Rule 2042 (Team Wins)
Repeal Rule 2043 (New Player Team Assignment)
Repeal Rule 2062 (Team Captains)
Repeal Rule 2016 (Contested Proposals)
Repeal Rule 2013 (Champion's Contests)

Amend Rule 1922 (Defined Regular Patent Titles) by removing the
text:
     "(e)  Admiral, to be awarded to a Team Captain when eir Team
          achieves a Team Win."

Amend Rule 1963 (Eligible Shareholders)
               by removing: "(3) e has fewer than zero points;"

               and by replacing "(4)" with "(3)"

               and by replacing "(5)" with "(4)"

Amend Rule 1835 (Standing Down) by removing the text:
                  "For the purposes of Rules on awarding Points,
     that Election shall not be considered a contested Election."

Amend Rule 1505 (Standard Classes of Crimes and Infractions)
     by removing the text: " and a loss of 2*N Points"

     and by removing the text: ", and a Notice of Award of the
     Points penalty"

     and by removing the text: "In the case of a vacated Sentencing
     Order, the lost Points are to be Awarded back to the penalized
     entity, provided that the game has not been Won between the
     execution of the Sentencing Order and its vacation."

Amend Rule 2070 (Card Powerz) by removing the text:
     * Bleed [X], where X is a non-negative integer: At the beginning
       of each week, the Holder of this card loses X Points.

Amend Rule 1932 (Shareholders and the Corporation)
   by removing the text "Bleed [2],"
                    and "Bleed [4],"
                    and "Bleed [6],"

Amend Rule 2067 (Cards in Play) by removing the text:
     * Caption: Boost-o-Matic
       Elements: Budgeted
       Exploit: Increase any one Team's Team Points by 5.
       Exploit: Increase any one Team's Team Points by 10 for a Fee
         of 1 Kudo.

Amend Rule 2071 by removing the text:
     * Caption: ZOT!
       Quota: 1
       Elements: Handed [3]
       Exploit: For a Fee of X Kudos, an entity of your choice loses
         (X times 10) Points. If this would cause that entity to have
         fewer than zero Points, e shall instead have zero Points.

  and by removing the text:
     * Caption: Point Mine
       Quota: 1
       Elements: Persistent
       Exploit: So long as you have not done so already during the
         current week, you may gain 1 Point.

   and by removing the text:
     * Caption: Dud Fusion
       Quota: 1
       Elements: Bleed [2]
       Exploit: You may discard X Dud Cards to gain X times 20
         Points.