ID: 4624
Title: Crimson Go
Author: Goethe
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2


[Apologies to Murphy for the partial theft]

Create a new rule titled "Takeover Proposals" with Power=2 and
this text:

       Initiative is a stuck player switch, tracked by the Assessor,
       with values Gote and Sente.

       A Takeover Proposal is a proposal meeting these requirements:

         (a) It is labelled as a Takeover Proposal.
         (b) No Takeover Proposal has been submitted earlier in the
             same month.
         (c) It specifies a set of players (hereafter the Corporate
             Raiders) that is no larger than P/2 or smaller than P/3,
             where P is the number of active noisy players at the time
             of submission.

       Rules to the Contrary nonwithstanding, a Takeover Proposal is
       both Democratic and Sane.

       At the beginning of a Takeover Proposal's voting period, all
       players have their initiative flipped to Gote.  At the end of a
       Takeover Proposal's voting period, all players have their
       initiative flipped as follows:
         (a) Adopted:  All Corporate Raiders gain Sente.
         (b) Rejected:  All other players gain Sente.
         (c) Failed quorum:  No one gains Sente.


Amend Rule 1950 (Voting Power) by replacing:
       (b) An entity's Voting Power on a Democratic Proposal is as
           follows:

             * A Player:
                   (a) two plus that Player's Voting Potential if that
                       Player has zero Share Holdings.
                   (b) one plus that Player's Voting Potential
                       otherwise.

             * Any other entity: as defined in the Rules, with a
               default of zero if the Rules don't specify the Voting
               power on a Democratic Proposal for that entity.

with:
       (b) An entity's Voting Power on a Democratic Proposal is as
           follows:
           (1) A Player:
                   (i)  that Player's Voting Potential if that Player
                        has Sente.
                   (ii) one otherwise.
           (2) Any other entity: as defined in the Rules, with a
               default of zero if the Rules don't specify the Voting
               power on a Democratic Proposal for that entity.


Amend Rule 1664 (Rebellion) by replacing:
          - All Stock Cards in the possession of Abiding Players are
            returned to the Deck

with:
          - All Stock Cards in the possession of Abiding Players are
            returned to the Deck, and all Abiding Players have their
            initiative switched to Gote.