ID: 4644
Title: Fix Winning
Author: root
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2


All Pending Draws that Players have previously gained due to
Rule 2080 are hereby deemed to have not been gained until this
Proposal takes effect.

[Simple, to the point.]


Amend Rule 2080 to read:

      If an Interested Proposal is adopted, the Proposer may
      draw from the deck by announcing the Proposal number
      while drawing, provided that e does so within a week
      after the proposal's adoption and that e has not already
      done so for the same proposal.

      If a Disinterested Proposal is adopted, the Proposer
      may draw from the deck by announcing the Proposal number
      while drawing; so long as the Proposer's Hand Size is
      smaller than the Maximum Hand Size plus the number
      of Offices e holds, the Proposer performs the draw within
      a week after the proposal's adoption, and the Proposer
      has not already done so for the same proposal.

[Note, the fee doesn't need to be exempted, because R2069.III(B)
defines drawing without reference to a fee or hand size limitation,
*then* lists the fee with limitation as the only currently-
defined mechanism for drawing].


Amend Rule 2075 (Winning Hands) by replacing the text reading:

      Exactly one week after a true announcement, the Flux of all
      Gamblers except the Deck shall become frozen.  The Deckmastor
      shall transfer random cards from the hands of each frozen
      gambler to the deck, until each frozen gambler has either (a) a
      hand size equal to or less than the Minimum hand size or (b) no
      cards.  Then, the Deckmastor shall deal cards to the winner up
      to the maximum hand size.  When these tasks have been performed,
      the Flux of every Gambler shall become free.

      If no one has won the game in the last six months, then any
      Gambler may announce a Skunk, which shall trigger the effects of
      a true announcement of a win above, except that no boon shall be
      awarded nor shall extra winner's cards be dealt.

with:

      Exactly one week after a true announcement, the Flux of all
      Gamblers except the Deck shall become frozen.

      If no one has won the game in the last six months, then any
      Gambler may announce a Skunk, which shall trigger the effects of
      a true announcement of a win above, except that no boon shall be
      awarded.


Create a new rule titled "Win Resolution", reading:

      As soon as possible after any gambler's hand becomes frozen, the
      Deckmastor shall perform the following actions in order:

      1) Calculate and publicly announce the Card Tax for each frozen
         gambler.  The Card Tax for a frozen gambler is equal to the
         hand size of that gambler less the minimum hand size.  The
         Card Tax shall be calculated as of the moment the gambler's
         hand became frozen.

      2) From every frozen gambler in turn, transfer cards selected
         at random from that gambler's hand to the Deck until eir hand
         size has been reduced by an amount not less than eir Card Tax
         or e has no cards remaining.

      3) If the hands were frozen because of a win, deal cards to the
         winner until eir hand size has been increased by the maximum
         hand size less the minimum hand size, calculated as of the
         moment the winner's hand became frozen.

      4) Publicly announce that the table is open for business.

      Upon publication of an announcement as in 4), the Flux of every
      gambler shall become free.  If the Deckmastor makes a public
      announcement as in 4) when one or more gamblers are frozen but
      steps 1), 2), and 3) have not been completed, then the
      announcement is still valid, but the Deckmastor must complete
      steps 1), 2), and 3) as soon as possible.  If the Deckmastor's
      error is not made in good faith, then e commits the Class 4
      Crime of Stacking the Deck.