ID: 4657
Title: The University of Agora
Author: Sherlock
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1


[ V1.2 - Thanks to Quazie and root, again - there is now a check in
         place against outrageous Research Grant awards and also a
         guard against the same Card being checked out by different
         Players.

  V1.1 - Thanks to Quazie for suggestions and to root for a rewrite of
         the Library rules.  The Library works more like a book store
         now and should be effectively closed when Cards are frozen.
         Players may still request Cards during this time, however.
 
         I also rewrote some sections and renamed the Boons.

  V1.0 - Components of this proposal:

         - The University becomes a functioning Entity.
         - The Speaker assumes a role as President of the University.
         - The President may offer research grants to stimulate Agoran
           growth.  These are purposefully vague; I could see them
           ranging anywhere from "Write a proposal that cleans up typos
           in the Ruleset" to "Assemble an Agora website".
         - A monthly Book Club fosters public discussion of the rules.
         - The Library acts as a public resource for Cards.

         I envision the University as something that would grow over time.
         The basic framework is provided in this proposal along with three
         applications.  There are many more possibilities with this theme
         and I would encourage expansion of the campus by other Players
         if and when this passes.

         Thanks to Maud for some new phrasing in the Book Club section. ]

Rename the Rules Category "Degrees and Theses" to "The University of
Agora".

Create a rule entitled "The University of Agora":

    The University is an Entity.  

    As President of the University, the Speaker is the sole Executor of 
    the University, but may take no action on behalf of The University 
    except as explicitly permitted by the Rules.

    Education is a stuck Player switch with values Student and Faculty 
    Member.  The Herald shall flip the Education switch to Faculty 
    Member for a Player as soon as possible after that Player is awarded 
    a Degree.  The Herald is the recordkeepor of Education.

Create a rule entitled "Research Grants":

    The University offers Research Grants for projects that improve
    the intellectual, cultural and social life of Agora.  The Speaker
    may announce a Research Grant by publicly describing a task to be
    performed and stating a number between one and five.

    If another Player completes this task to the Speaker's satisfaction
    within the next month, the Speaker shall award to that Player an 
    equal number of Boons of Achievement, without two objections.  No 
    more than one Player may receive this award.  If more than one Player
    undertakes the task, the Speaker shall choose only one Player to 
    receive the award.

Create a rule entitled "The University Book Club":

    The University sponsors a monthly Book Club.  During the first week
    of each month the first Player who publically specifies a rule as 
    that month's Book Club Selection becomes the Moderator for the
    University Book Club.  The Assessor shall award one Boon of
    Refinement apiece to the Moderator and Proposer for the first passed 
    proposal within the next thirty days that either amends or repeals
    this Selection.

Create a rule entitled "Gardner Library":

    The University (hereafter the Library) is a Gambler.  Whenever the
    Library has fewer than five Cards, the Deckmastor shall as soon as
    possible deal randomly chosen Cards to the Library until it has
    five cards.
 
    A Player (hereafter the Borrower) may check out a specified Card
    from the Library by paying a Fee for the Library's upkeep.  The
    fee is 2 Kudos for Students and 1 Kudo for Faculty Members.  The
    Card is considered reserved and may not be checked out by any
    Player until it is dealt to the Library again by the Deckmastor.

    As soon as possible after a Card is checked out from the Library 
    and it is within the Speaker's ability to do so, the Speaker shall 
    transfer the Card from the Library to the Borrower. 

All Players who Bear a Degree at the time of the passing of this Proposal 
immediately have their Education switches set to Faculty Member.

The Deckmastor shall as soon as possible after the passing of this
Proposal deal five randomly chosen cards to the Library.