ID: 4673
Title: The Proposal Queue
Author: Sherlock
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3

Each player shall gain one pending draw for each Distrib-u-Matic e holds.

All Distrib-u-Matic Cards shall cease to exist.


Rename Rule 1036 (The Proposal Pool) to "The Proposal Queue" and amend
it to read:

      All Proposals in the Proposal Queue are ordered from the top to the
      bottom.  As soon as possible after the Promotor receives a new 
      Proposal, e shall place this Proposal at the bottom of the Proposal
      Queue, unless another rule specifies otherwise.  The Promotor shall
      place Proposals in the Proposal Queue in the order in which they 
      were submitted.
      
      If a rule mandates that a Proposal be put into the Queue but does 
      not specify a location, that Proposal is placed at the bottom of 
      the Queue.

      No more than four Interested Proposals by one Proposer may exist 
      in the Queue at any time.  If a Player submits a piece of text with
      the stated intention that it is to become a Proposal and there are
      four Interested Proposals Proposed by em in the Queue already, that
      text does not become a Proposal.  The Proposer may remove one of 
      eir Proposals from the Queue by notifying the Promotor that e does 
      so.

      The Priority of a Proposal in the Queue is an index, equal to the 
      number of Proposals above it in the Queue.  A Player may move one
      Proposal up or down one place in the Queue by paying that Proposal's
      Queuing Fee.  The base Queuing Fee of a Proposal is 1, but this may
      be altered by other Rules as long as it remains a positive integer.

Amend Rule 1770 (Distributing Proposals) to read:

      (a) For any given week, the Minimum Distribution is equal to the
          minimum of the number of Proposers with Proposals in the Queue
          at the beginning of the Week and half the number of Proposals
          in the Queue at the beginning of the week, rounded up; and the
          Maximum Distribution is equal to the maximum of the same.

      (b) During each Week, the Promotor is required to distribute every
          Proposal in the Queue that meets at least one of these
          criteria:

             i) The Proposal's Priority at the beginning of the week was
                less than the week's Minimum Distribution;

            ii) The Proposal is Disinterested;

           iii) The Proposal entered the Queue more than one Agoran month
                before the beginning of the week.

      (c) During each week, the Promotor may additionally choose an
          index no greater than the week's Maximum Distribution and
          distribute every Proposal in the Queue whose Priority at
          the beginning of the week was less than the chosen index.

      (d) If there were no Proposals in the Queue at the beginning of
          the Week, then the Promotor is required publically to note
          this fact at some time during the Week.

      (e) Failure by the Promotor to either distribute Proposals as
          required in (a) or (b), or to make an announcement as 
          required in (c), is the Class 1 Infraction of Promotor 
          Tardiness, which any Player may report.

      (f) The Promotor shall include with the distribution of each
          Proposal the identity of its Proposing Entity, its Adoption
          Index, and an indication of the Proposal's Chamber. However,
          the failure of the Promotor to include any of these
          accompaniments with a Proposal does not deprive the
          distribution of the Proposal of any legal effect.

      (g) A Proposal is legally distributed only if it is accompanied
          by an explicit indication that it is being distributed. When
          a Proposal is distributed, it is removed from the Proposal
          Queue.

Amend Rule 1724 (Urgent Proposals) to read:

      A Proposal is Urgent if all the following conditions are met:

         i) the text of the message wherein it is submitted
            explicitly states that it is an Urgent Proposal,

        ii) The Proposal is Interested.

      The Promotor may distribute an Urgent Proposal as soon as it
      moves to the top half or to the exact middle of the Proposal 
      Queue, and e is required to do so within five days. Failure to
      do so is the Class 1 Infraction of Lack of Urgency, which may
      be reported by any Player.

      An Urgent Proposal has its Queuing Fee increased by 1.

      The Voting Period of an Urgent Proposal is five days from the
      time the Proposal is distributed.

Amend Rule 1953 (Sane Proposals) to read:

      A Proposal is Sane if all the following conditions are met:

         i) the text of the message wherein it is submitted
            explicitly states that it is a Sane Proposal, or it has
            been declared a Sane Proposal by other methods explicitly
            stated in the Rules,

        ii) The Proposal is Interested.

       iii) The Proposal is Democratic.

      An Sane Proposal has its Queuing Fee increased by 1.

      On Sane Proposals, each Player has a Voting Power of one, unless
      e has five or more Blots, in which case eir Voting Power is
      zero; all other entities have a Voting Power of zero on Sane
      Proposals.

      This Rule takes precedence over other Rules which determine the
      Voting Power of entities.

Amend Rule 1933 (A Proposal's Chamber) to read:

      Chamber is a stuck switch for Proposals with values Ordinary and
      Democratic.

      An Ordinary Proposal with Adoption Index of two (2) or greater
      is a Stalled Proposal.  If a proposal is distributed that was 
      Stalled at the time of distribution, the Promotor shall abort it
      as soon as possible.

      Every Proposal is initially Democratic, unless its Adoption
      Index is less than two (2), in which case it is initially
      Ordinary.  The Chamber of a Proposal may only be changed as
      specified by an instrument with Power greater than or equal to
      two (2).

      Whenever a Proposal's Chamber is changed while the Proposal is
      in its Voting Period, it is Aborted as described elsewhere and
      entered at the top of the Proposal Queue with all of its 
      characteristics intact.

Amend Rule 2021 (Chamber Procedure) to read:

      (a) The Chamber Fee for a Proposal is a Fee for changing the
          Chamber of a Proposal.  For any given Proposal, the Chamber
          Fee is initially 1.  When a Proposal's Chamber is changed
          via this Rule, the Chamber Fee for the Proposal is doubled.

      (b) An Untainted Speaker, with 2 Supporters, may Sanitise a
          distributed Proposal that is not already Sane and for which
          the Voting Period has not ended. If the Speaker Sanitises a
          Proposal, the Proposal is Aborted as described elsewhere;
          the Proposal becomes Democratic, Sane and placed at the
          top of the Queue.

Amend Rule 1623 (Disinterested Proposals) to read:

      Interest is a stuck proposal switch with values Interested and
      Disinterested.

      A player may flip an undistributed Proposal's Interest to
      Disinterested, without objection.

Amend Rule 1965 (Complacent Corporation) to read:

      As soon as possible after an ordinary proposal fails quorum, the
      Assessor shall publish a Notice of Complacency to that effect.
      In addition, at any time during the voting period of an ordinary
      proposal for which the number of entities eligible to vote on
      the proposal is less than the quorum of the proposal, the
      Assessor may immediately publish a Notice of Complacency without
      waiting for the proposal's voting period to end.

      Upon publication by the Assessor of a Notice of Complacency for
      a proposal, the proposal is immediately aborted.  In addition,
      the copy of the proposal that is added to the top of the Proposal
      Queue as a result of the abortion becomes Democratic.

      Publication by the Assessor of a Notice of Complacency not
      strictly authorized or required by this rule is the Class 2
      Crime of Sending It Back Where It Don't Belong.

Amend Rule 2033 (Aborting a Proposal) to read:

      (a) When a Proposal is aborted:
          (1)  the Voting Period for the Proposal immediately ends, if
               it has not ended already;
          (2)  all Votes cast on the Proposal are cancelled, and the
               Proposal fails;
          (3)  the Assessor is relieved of any duty to report on Votes
               cast on the Proposal; and
          (4)  a copy of the Proposal is added to top of the Proposal 
               Queue.

Amend Rule 2077 (Democratic Cards) by changing the text that reads
"You may abort and make undistributable any non-sane proposal." to
read "You may abort and move to the bottom of the Queue any non-sane
proposal."

Amend Rule 2067 (Cards in Play) to read:

      The following Classes of Cards are defined:

      * Caption: Absolv-o-Matic
        Elements: Budgeted,
                  Limited [Immaculate Players] [1]
        Exploit: Expunge one Blot from any one entity.

      * Caption: Debate-o-Matic
        Elements: Budgeted, Powered [2]
        Exploit: Change the Chamber of any one non-Sane Proposal to
          the Chamber of your choice, provided it is legal for that
          Proposal to be in the named Chamber.

Amend Rule 2060 (Guy Fawkes Day) to read:

      Any Proposal submitted on the Fifth of November shall become
      upon delivery Democratic, Urgent, and Sane, rules to the 
      contrary nonwithstanding.  The Promotor shall place it at the
      top of the Proposal Queue, as well.

      If a Proposal so submitted is subsequently adopted, the Assessor
      shall award the Proposer the Boon of A Penny.

Amend Rule 1483 (Definitions of Proposals) by changing the text that
reads "Proposal Pool" to read "Proposal Queue."

Amend Rule 1483 (Adoption Indices) by changing the text that
reads "Pool" to read "Queue."

Amend Rule 1607 (The Promotor) by changing the text that
reads "proposal pool" to read "Proposal Queue."

Repeal Rule 1774 (Discarding Proposals from the Pool).
Repeal Rule 1952 (Making Proposals Distributable).

The Proposal Queue shall initially contain all Proposals that
were in the Proposal Pool when this Proposal passed, in the
same order they appeared in the Proposal Pool.

root co-authored the amendment to Rule 1770 (Distributing Proposals).