ID: 4678
Title: Taking over Takeovers
Author: Goethe
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1


Proposal: Taking over Takeovers

Amend Rule 2070 [Card Powez] by inserting after this paragraph:
      * Delayed[N]: You may not play this card if you have played a
        copy of this card in the past N times 24 hours.
the following paragraph:
      * Asleep[N]: No one may play a copy of this card if anyone
        has played a copy of this card in the past N times 24
        hours.

Amend Rule 2078 (Corporate Takeovers) to read:

      Initiative is a stuck player switch, tracked by the Assessor,
      with values Gote and Sente.

      Mainsail is a stuck proposal switch, tracked by the Assessor,
      with values Tyrannical and Piratical.  When a Proposal's
      Mainsail is flipped to Piratical, it becomes democratic and
      sane.

      A Minimal Crew is defined as the number of active noisy
      players divided by 3.

      If a Proposal has a Piratical Mainsail at the end of its
      voting period, and at that time specifies a set of Players
      (the Raiders) in number neither less than a minimal crew nor
      greater than twice a minimal crew, then:
        (a) If the proposal is adopted, then all Raiders are
            flipped to Sente, and all other players are flipped to
            Gote.
        (b) Otherwise, all Raiders are flipped to Gote, and all
            other players are flipped to Sente.

      The following cards are defined:
         * Caption:  Hoist the Flag
           Quota:    5
           Elements: Asleep[30]
           Exploit:  You may flip the Mainsail of any one Proposal
                     to Piratical.

         * Caption:  Royal Navy
           Quota:    2
           Elements: None
           Exploit:  You may flip the Mainsail of any one Proposal
                     to Tyrannical.

         * Caption:  Cannon Fire
           Quota:    3
           Elements: None
           Exploit:  You may abort a Piratical Proposal.  A copy of
                     the Proposal is added to the Proposal Pool with
                     its characteristics intact.

         * Caption:  Dread Pirate Roberts
           Quota:    3
           Elements: None
           Exploit:  You may flip the Mainsail of any Piratical
                     Proposal to Tyrannical, and then flip the Mainsail
                     of a different Tyrannical proposal to Piratical.


Amend Rule 2076 [Card cards] by appending the following text:
       Caption:  Not Your Turn
       Elements: Budgeted, Delayed[2]
       Exploit:  You may specify a card play that has occurred
                 in the past 48 hours, and (1) that card shall
                 be deemed to have not been played, and (2) the
                 gambler who originally played that card may not
                 play a copy of that card for the next 72 hours.

The Budgeted quota for Not Your Turn is hereby set to 3.