ID: 4679
Title: Arch Nemesis
Author: Quazie
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2


Proposal: "Arch Nemesis"(AI=2) 

Maud and Murphy are Co-Authors on this Proposal

Create a new power 2 rule entitled "Arch Nemesis" with the following text

      Arch Nemesis is a stuck player switch, the states of which are
      null and all active non silent players. A player may flip eir
      Arch Nemesis to another player if e has voted AGAINST at least
      two of that player's proposals within the past 30 days.  If a
      player has voted FOR at least one of eir Arch Nemesis's proposals 
      since eir Arch Nemesis was last flipped, then any player may flip
      eir Arch Nemesis to null.  A player may never be their own Arch
      Nemesis or Harasser.
 
      If a player's Arch Nemesis is another player, then e is that
      other player's Harasser. 

Append the following to then end of Rule 1950

      (e) A player's Voting Power on eir Arch Nemesis's non sane
          proposals is twice what it would be otherwise. A player's
          Voting Power on eir own non sane proposals is multiplied by
          one more than the number of eir Harassers.


Amend Rule 1950 by replacing this text:

      (c) The value of an entity's Voting Power for any given Chamber
          at the beginning of each Week shall be in effect for all
          Proposals distributed during that Week. However, if a
          Proposal's Chamber is changed after it has been distributed,
          the Voting Power of each entity for that Proposal is
          redetermined at the time the Chamber is changed.

with this text:

      (c) The value of an entity's Voting Power for any given Chamber,
          and the value of eir Arch Nemesis, at the beginning of each
          Week shall be in effect  for all Proposals distributed during
          that Week. However, if a Proposal's Chamber is changed after  
          it has been distributed, the Voting Power of each entity for
          that Proposal is redetermined at the time the Chamber is
          changed.


Append the following to rule 1449

     * The Arch Nemesis of every player.