ID: 4693
Title: A Few Small Steps
Author: Maud
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1


Amend rule 1079 by removing the text "or coin".

Amend rule 869 by replacing the text reading:

       Any person who is not registered as a Player may do so by
       sending a message to a Public Forum stating that e registers as
       a Player.  Unless other Rules provide additional necessary
       conditions for registration that have not been fulfilled or the
       Rules otherwise prohibit the person from registering, e
       immediately becomes a registered Player.

with text reading:

       Any person who is not registered as a player may do so by 
       sending a message to a public forum announcing that e registers
       as a player.  Unless other rules provide additional necessary
       conditions for registration that have not been fulfilled or
       the rules otherwise prohibit the person from registering, e
       immediately becomes a registered player.

and by replacing the text reading:

       Whenever a person registers as a Player in Agora, and that
       person has not been registered as a Player in Agora at any time
       within the 365 previous days, e becomes Unready and is subject
       to a Grace Period that begins at the time of eir registration
       and ends sixty days afterwards, unless otherwise provided by
       this Rule.  A Player is only subject to the Grace Period
       resulting from eir own registration.
 
       Whenever:
 
       (i) any Holiday occurs completely between the start of any
           Player's Grace Period and its scheduled conclusion, or
 
       (ii) any Player's Grace Period is scheduled to conclude during
            any Holiday,
 
       eir Grace Period shall be extended by a period of time equal in
       length to that Holiday.
 
       Whenever a Player registers during a Holiday, eir Grace Period
       shall be extended by a period of time equal to the time which
       elapses between eir registration and the conclusion of that
       Holiday, provided that no other Rule extends eir Grace Period by
       reason of that Holiday.
 
       For the purposes of determining when a Player's Grace Period is
       scheduled to conclude, where more than one Holiday falls fully
       or partially within that Grace Period, the calculation shall be
       made separately for each Holiday.

with text reading:

       Whenever a player registers, and that player has not previously
       been registered as a player in Agora at any time within the 
       365 previous days, e becomes unready and is subject to a 
       Grace Period that begins at the time of eir registration 
       and lasts sixty days, not including Holidays.  A player is
       only subject to the Grace Period resulting from eir own
       registration.

Enact a rule, titled "Corporate Players", reading:

       A collective of two or more persons (a Hive) none of whom
       is currently registered as a player may jointly register
       as a single player.  A Hive is subject to a Grace Period
       only if each of its members would have been subject to a 
       Grace Period had e registered as an individual at the time
       the Hive registered.
 
       This rule takes precedence over rule 869.