ID: 4694
Title: Card Counting
Author: Goethe
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1


Proposal:  Card Counting

Amend Rule 2068 by replacing:
      The Deck is a Gambler. The Deckmastor shall be the sole Executor
      of The Deck, but may take no action on behalf of The Deck except
      as explicitly permitted by the Rules. The Deck may not transfer
      Cards to any other entity except as explicitly required by the
      Rules.
with:
      The Deck and the Discard Pile are Gamblers. The Deckmastor shall
      be the sole Executor of both entities, but may take no action on
      behalf of them except as explicitly permitted by the Rules.  The
      Deck and Discard Pile may not transfer cards to any other entity
      except as explicitly required by the Rules.


Amend Rule 2069 by replacing the text:
          automatically transferred to The Deck immediately after
          being Played.
with
          automatically transferred to the Discard Pile immediately
          after being Played.

and by replacing:
          Discarding a Card is synonymous with transfering said Card
          to The Deck.
with:
          If a Gambler transfers a card to the Deck, it is instead
          transferred to the discard pile, unless the transfer is
          made as part of the Deckmastor's required duties.
          Discarding a Card is synonymous with transfering said Card
          to the Discard Pile.

and by adding after the following text:
                                 Until this transfer takes place, that
          Gambler is said to have one Pending Draw for each such
          transfer the Deckmastor is required to make, but has not yet
          made.
the following text:
          If, at any time, the number of pending draws for all
          gamblers is greater than the number of cards in the Deck,
          then the Deckmastor shall transfer all of the cards in the
          Discard Pile to the Deck before dealing any cards.  This
          transfer is known as a Reshuffle and is performed as a
          single action.


Amend Rule 2076 by replacing:
       Exploit:  If a copy of a card was played or discarded in the
                 past 72 hours, you may name it, and a copy of that
                 card, if one is still in the deck, is automatically
                 transferred from the Deck to your hand.
with:
       Exploit:  If a copy of a card was played or discarded in the
                 past 72 hours, you may name it, and a copy of that
                 card, if one is still in the discard pile, is
                 automatically transferred from the discard pile to
                 your hand.

and by appending the following text to the end of the Rule:

       Caption:  Reshuffle
       Quota:    3
       Elements: Asleep[15]
       Exploit:  The Deckmastor must Reshuffle before dealing
                 any cards.