ID: 4723
Title: POWER TO THE PLEBS! v.2
Author: Quazie
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2


Proposal: "POWER TO THE PLEBS! v.2" (AI=2)

Rewrite Rule 1933 to read as follows:

     Chamber is a stuck switch for Proposals with values Ordinary,
     Plebeian and Democratic.

     An Ordinary or Plebeian Proposal with Adoption Index of two (2) or
     greater is a Stalled Proposal.  Rules to the contrary
     notwithstanding, a Proposal is Undistributable while it is
     Stalled. If a proposal is distributed that was Stalled at the time
     of distribution, the Promotor shall abort it as soon as possible.

     Every Proposal is initially Democratic, unless its Adoption
     Index is less than two (2), in which case it is initially
     Ordinary unless the proposal specifically states that it is
     Plebeian.  The Chamber of a Proposal may only be changed as
     specified by an instrument with Power greater than or equal to two
     (2).

     Whenever a Proposal's Chamber is changed while the Proposal is
     in its Voting Period, it is Aborted as described elsewhere and
     returned to the Proposal Pool with its Distributability and
     other characteristics intact.

Rewrite Rule 1950 to read as follows:

     (a) An entity's Voting Power on an Ordinary Proposal is as
         follows:
            (1) A Shareholder: eir Share Holdings;
            (2) the Deckmastor: the number of Share Cards in the Deck
               or three, whichever is smaller; plus eir Share Holdings
               (if e is a Shareholder);
            (3) Any other entity

     (b) An entity's Voting Power on a Democratic Proposal is as
         follows:
         (1) A Player:
                 (i)  that Player's Voting Potential if that Player
                      has Sente.
                 (ii) one otherwise.
         (2) Any other entity: as defined in the Rules, with a
             default of zero if the Rules don't specify the Voting
             power on a Democratic Proposal for that entity.

     (c) An entity's Voting Power on a Plebeian Proposal is as follows:
         (1) A Pleb: One;
         (2) Any Other Entity: Zero.

     (d) The value of an entity's Voting Power for any given Chamber
         at the beginning of each Week shall be in effect for all
         Proposals distributed during that Week. However, if a
         Proposal's Chamber is changed after it has been distributed,
         the Voting Power of each entity for that Proposal is
         redetermined at the time the Chamber is changed.

     (e) An entity may cast as many votes as e wishes on a Proposal,
         in any combination, up to the limit determined by that
         entity's Voting Power on that Proposal, with the exceptions
         that:
             (1) No Player may vote on an Ordinary Proposal unless e
                  is a Shareholder or the Deckmastor at the time e
                  casts eir vote.
             (2) The Deckmastor may not vote on Plebeian Proposals.

Rewrite Rule 1715 to read as follows:

     A Player may declare that e is PRESENT on an Issue which is not
     an Ordinary or Plebeian Proposal by sending a message to that
     effect to the Issue's Vote Collector. Solely for the purpose of
     determining Quorum, this Player is considered to have voted on
     that Issue.  If e also casts a Vote on that Issue, e is counted
     only once toward Quorum.

Create a new power 2 rule entitled "The Speaker-Elect's Veto" with the
following text:

     At any time during the Voting Period of a Plebeian Proposal,
     the Speaker-Elect may Veto that Proposal with the Support of
     one-third of all Plebs, rounded down.

Rewrite Rule 1717 to read as follows:

     A Senator is any Player who has been registered continuously for
     the immediately preceding two months.

     At any time during the Voting Period of an Issue which is not an
     Ordinary or Plebeian Proposal, the Speaker may make it a Senate
     Vote, by publicly stating so. An Issue is not a Senate Vote
     otherwise.

     Only Senators can Vote on Senate Votes.  When an Issue becomes a
     Senate Vote, all Votes cast on that Issue by non-Senators are
     cancelled.

Wherever the following is found in the ruleset

     A Plebeian is a Player who is not a Shareholder.

replace it with

     A Pleb (plural:plebs) is a Player who is not a Shareholder.

Rewrite Rule 879 to read as follows:

     (a) An ordinary proposal achieves quorum if at least three
         shareholders cast votes on it, and the Speaker did not veto
         it.

     (b) A democratic proposal achieves quorum if at least one third
         of all active noisy players cast votes on it.

     (c) Quorum for a democratic proposal shall be determined from
         the number of active noisy players at the time that the
         proposal was distributed, or at the time it was made a
         democratic proposal, whichever is later.

     (d) A Plebeian proposal achieves quorum if at least three Plebs
         cast votes on it.

Rewrite Rule 1965 to read as follows

     As soon as possible after an ordinary or Plebeian proposal fails
     quorum, the Assessor shall publish a Notice of Complacency to that
     effect. In addition, at any time during the voting period of an
     ordinary or Plebeian proposal for which the number of entities
     eligible to vote on the proposal is less than the quorum of the
     proposal, the Assessor may immediately publish a Notice of
     Complacency without waiting for the proposal's voting period to
     end.

     Upon publication by the Assessor of a Notice of Complacency for
     a proposal, the proposal is immediately aborted.  In addition,
     the copy of the proposal that is added to the proposal pool as a
     result of the abortion becomes democratic and distributable.

     Publication by the Assessor of a Notice of Complacency not
     strictly authorized or required by this rule is the Class 2
     Crime of Sending It Back Where It Don't Belong.