ID: 4743
Title: Contracts
Author: Manu
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1


Create a new Rule entitled "Contracts" which reads as follow:

      There exists a type of agreement known as a Contract. A Contract
      is an Entity. The content of a Contract is called its
      Regulations. The first Player to announce the creation of a
      Contract is its Executor and is known as the Notary of that
      Contract. Any other Player may decide to become part of a
      Contract by notifying that Contract's Notary. Players party to a
      Contract, including the Notary, are the Members of this
      Contract. A Member may leave a Contract at any time by notifying
      the Notary.

      A Contract may contain any number of Regulations. Regulations
      have the power to constrain the actions of Players in the same
      manner as the Rules.  However, Regulations have power over only
      those Players that are Members of that Contract. All Members
      are required to abide by the Regulations, unless doing so would
      violate the Rules. Violation of this requirement is the Class 1
      Crime of Insubordination. A Contract may include in its
      Regulations ways for Players to leave the Contract.

      Rules to the contrary notwithstanding, no Player shall ever
      involuntarily become a Member of a Contract.

      If the Notary of a Contract becomes Silent, all Members of this
      Contract cease to be Members of this Contract and the Contract
      ceases to exist.

      Only Members of a Contract may CFJ that a Member has violated
      that Contract. All Members of a Contract are automatically
      ineligible to Judge a CFJ that a Member has violated that
      Contract.

      All Rules regulating agreements that are inconsistent with this
      Rule are superseded to the extent of such inconsistency.

Create a new Rule entitled "Contract Maintenance" that reads:

      The Notary of a given Contract must provide a copy of its
      Regulations to any other Player who requests it, as soon as
      possible after the request is made.  The Notary of a
      Contract must also provide an updated copy of the Regulations
      to all Members as soon as possible after the Regulations change
      for any reason. Regulations can not be changed except in
      accordance with the Rules. Regulations are permitted to define
      their own mechanisms for changing their own content, and any
      change to Regulations adopted in accordance with their own
      mechanisms is legal.

      The Notary may, without objection, change the Regulations
      provided e sends a copy of the new Regulations to all Members
      as soon as possible.

Rename Rule 2096 to "Card-Carrying Contracts" and amend it to read:

      A Contract may be made into a Card-Carrying Contract by its
      Notary acting with two support and without two objections.
      A player may only be Notary of one Card-Carrying Contract
      at a time.

      A Card-Carrying Contract is a gambler, and may perform the
      following actions only as explicitly permitted by its
      regulations:
        1.  As long as the Contract has at least three Members and its
            hand size is less than the maximum hand size, it may draw
            a number of cards each month equal to its number of
            Members at the beginning of the month divided by two and
            rounded up.
        2.  Transfer or discard cards.

      A Card-Carrying Contract may not play cards.


Amend Rule 910 to read:

       The Justiciar is an office; its holder is responsible for
       justice, serving on a Board of Appeals when necessary.


In Rule 1727, replace the part that reads:

      BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Herald may select one Contest,
      in existence on Agora's Birthday, which has as its purpose
      encouraging the celebration of Agora's Birthday.  Within the
      month following Agora's Birthday, that Contest may award its
      Members the Patent Title Nth Anniversary Ribbon, where N is the
      number of years of Agora's existence;
with:
      BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Herald may select one Contract,
      in existence on Agora's Birthday, which has as its purpose
      encouraging the celebration of Agora's Birthday.  Within the
      month following Agora's Birthday, that Contract may award its
      Members the Patent Title Nth Anniversary Ribbon, where N is the
      number of years of Agora's existence;


Repeal Rule 1588 (Subordinate Legal Codes)
Repeal Rule 1595 (Precedence of SLCs)
Repeal Rule 1591 (Jurisdiction of SLCs)
Repeal Rule 1594 (Violation of SLCs)
Repeal Rule 1457 (Judicial Procedure for Violations of an SLC)
Repeal Rule 1590 (Notary of SLCs)
Repeal Rule 1589 (Modification of SLCs)
Repeal Rule 1592 (Authority of SLCs to Change Properties)
Repeal Rule 1528 (Organizations)
Repeal Rule 1614 (Names of Organizations)
Repeal Rule 1987 (Classes of Organizations)
Repeal Rule 1612 (Charters of Organizations)
Repeal Rule 1531 (Administrators of Organizations)
Repeal Rule 1533 (Application to Create an Organization)
Repeal Rule 1397 (Dissolution of Organizations)
Repeal Rule 2038 (Joining a Monastery)
Repeal Rule 1446 (Contests)
Repeal Rule 1539 (Regulations and Membership of Contests)