ID: 4744
Title: Make those cards work 2.01
Author: Quazie
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1


root is a co-author on this proposal

Replace the following from Rule 2076

      Caption:  Reshuffle
      Quota:    3
      Elements: Asleep[15]
      Exploit:  The Deckmastor must Reshuffle before dealing
                any cards.

with

      Caption:  Reshuffle
      Quota:    3
      Elements: Asleep[15]
      Exploit:  You may perform a Reshuffle.

Replace the following from rule 2079

     Exploit: If this card has not been Played in the current
              quarter, then, as soon as possible after this card is
              played, the Deckmastor shall simultaneously transfer
              all cards from non-Deck hands to a temporary Gambler
              known as Fate.  E shall then deal cards at random from

with

    Exploit: If this card has not been played in the current quarter,
                 then you may simultaneously transfer all cards that are
                 not in the Deck or Discard Pile to a temporary Gambler
                 known as Fate.  As soon as possible after this card is
                 played, the Deckmastor shall then deal cards at random from

Replace the following wherever it appears in the ruleset

    * Caption: Library Renewal
      Elements: Budgeted
      Exploit: Upon playing this card you may indicate a number
               1 through 5.  ASAP after you do this the speaker
               must randomly discard that many cards from the
               Library's hand that are not reserved.  If the
               Speaker has discarded all non reserved cards
               then e does not need to discard any more.

with

    * Caption: Library Renewal
      Elements: Budgeted
      Exploit: You may indicate a number 1 through 5. As
               soon as possible after you do this the Speaker
               must randomly discard that many cards from the
               Library's hand.  If there are fewer cards in the
               Library's hand then the number you indicate the
               Speaker must discard them all.