ID: 4769
Title: Bi-Weekly Reports
Author: Sherlock
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1


Amend Rule 1975 (The Assistant Director of Personnel) by replacing the
text that reads:

      The ADoP's Weekly Report shall include:

with text that reads:

      The ADoP's Bi-Weekly Report shall include:

Amend Rule 889 (The Clerk of the Courts) by replacing the text that
reads:

      The CotC's Weekly Report shall include the following:

with text that reads:

      The CotC's Bi-Weekly Report shall include the following:

Amend Rule 559 (The Registrar) by replacing the text that reads:

      The Registrar's Weekly Report shall include all of the following
      information:

with text that reads:

      The Registrar's Bi-Weekly Report shall include all of the
      following information:

Amend Rule 1686 (Official Reports) to read:

      The Rules may designate certain information to be part of an
      Office's Weekly Report, Bi-Weekly Report or Monthly Report.  An
      Office's Weekly Reports, Bi-Weekly Reports and Monthly Reports
      constitute the Office's Official Report.  All information that
      is part of an Office's Official Report shall be maintained by
      the corresponding officer.

      Each officer with a Weekly Report must publish it weekly unless
      the content of the report would substantially be the same as in
      the previously published report. In this case, a report must
      only be published within one week of the next substantial change
      to the report's content, but must at least be published once per
      month.  Each officer with a Bi-Weekly Report must publish it
      once every two weeks and each officer with a Monthly Report must
      publish it monthly.  Failure to do so is the Class 2 Infraction
      of Failure to Report.  If an officer fails to do so for at least
      three consecutive reporting periods, e may be cited for either
      Failure to Report or the Class 10 Infraction of Dereliction of
      Duty but not both.  Any officer cited for Dereliction of Duty is
      immediately removed from that office. The Assistant Director of
      Personnel and the Speaker may report these Infractions.