ID: 4783
Title: Feexins
Author: Maud
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2


Enact a rule with power 2, titled "Notices of the Agoran Society" and
reading:

      A notice is a public message which sets forth the intent to
      perform some action or which makes an allegation or
      announcement.

      Notices are presumptively valid.  The rules may provide
      mechanisms by which notices may be invalidated.

Amend rule 1941 (Fees) to read:

      A fee is an index.  The rules may associate a fee with an
      action.  Any such action is a fee-based action.  The
      normalization of a fee is the least natural number greater than
      or equal to the fee.

      A feection is a notice submitted by a player (the Actor) which
      sets out the intent to perform a fee-based action.  The feection
      is valid only if:

      (1) it specifies the action to be performed;

      (2) either the fee is zero, or the feection specifies that there
          is a fee for performing the action; and

      (3) the Actor has at least as many kudos as the normalization of
          the fee.

      Upon the publication of a feection, the Actor's kudos are
      decreased by the normalization of the fee.  If the feection is
      valid, the described action is performed by the Actor.

      A player throws the gauntlet by publicly alleging that a
      specific feection is invalid because the Actor possessed
      insufficient kudos to perform the action.

      As soon as possible after a player throws the gauntlet, the
      Herald shall confirm or deny the allegation.  E must confirm it
      if e cannot determine by reasonable effort whether the
      allegation is correct.

      When the Herald confirms a thrown gauntlet:

      (1) if the challenged feection was published no more than seven
          days before the gauntlet was thrown, the Actor's kudos
          are restored to em; and

      (2) the action described in the feection shall be deemed not to
          have been performed.