ID: 4819
Title: Feexin' Feexins
Author: root
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2


Maud is a co-author of this proposal.

Amend rule 1941 (Fees) to read:

      A fee-based action is an action with which the rules associate a
      fee, which must be a natural number.  If the rules describe a
      fee-based action but do not indicate the fee for that action,
      then that fee is zero.

      A player (the Actor) attempts to perform a fee-based action by
      announcing that e performs it; specifying the action to be
      performed; and, if the fee is nonzero, noting that there is a
      fee for the action.  The Actor has sufficient kudos to perform
      the action if the number of eir kudos meets or exceeds the fee.
      Upon eir announcement, the Actor's kudos are decreased by the
      fee, and if e had sufficient kudos, e performs the action.

      If the success of the Actor's attempt to perform a fee-based
      action is publicly challenged within a week of the time the
      action was attempted, then the Herald shall, as soon as
      possible, determine whether the Actor had sufficient kudos when
      e attempted to perform the action, and announce eir
      determination.

      If the Herald announces that the Actor did not have sufficient
      kudos to perform a fee-based action at the time of eir attempt,
      and eir announcement was published within a fortnight from the
      time the action was attempted, then the action shall be deemed
      not to have been performed.  If the Herald made this
      announcement within a week of the attempt to perform the action,
      or the success of the attempt was publicly challenged within a
      week of the attempt, then the Herald shall refund the Actor eir
      kudos.

      If the success of an Actor's attempt to perform a fee-based
      challenge is not publicly challenged within a week of the time
      the action was attempted, then the action shall be deemed to
      have been performed.

      Nothing in this rule shall act to prevent a person from
      performing a fee-based action by another mechanism for
      performing that action provided by the rules.

Amend rule 1940 (Periodic Compensations) to read:

      The boon of Public Service exists for the purpose of awarding
      officers for serving.

      Paperwork is a stuck switch for offices with states low and
      high.  The Associate Director of Personnel (ADoP) is the
      recordkeepor for paperwork.  For the purpose of this rule, the
      Speaker and the Distributor are considered offices.  The ADoP or
      the Speaker may flip the paperwork of an office with two
      supporters and without two objections.

      As soon as possible after the beginning of each month, the ADoP
      shall award 1 Public Service Boon for each office to the player
      (if any) who held that office for 16 or more days in the
      previous month; e shall award an additional Public Service boon
      to that player if the office is a high paperwork office.

      While a player is electee to an office, e may make one proposal
      distributable per month by publicly invoking that office's Civil
      Service Exemption, even if this would cause em to exceed eir
      per-player proposal limit.