ID: 4820
Title: The Fortinbras Repeal v1.1
Author: Goethe
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2


Proposal: the Fortinbras Repeal v1.1
(AI-2)

v1.1
Simplifies R2036 (1/3 less text) without loss of function.

v1.0
Same as 0.2, looks ok to me.

v0.2
Brings proposal up to date (maybe?) with current Ruleset.
Also, simplifies language of R2036.  Net Rules change is
only -1, so Repeal is now singular, but elimination of
noisiness is still a procedural simplification.

v0.1
Noisiness and activity can be condensed.  While "inactive"
has more ramifications than "quiet", this is compensated by
finally protecting against quieting scams. Net change: -3 Rules.


Amend Rule 1016 (Activity Levels) to read:

      Activity is a stuck player switch with values active and
      inactive.

      "Off hold" and "on hold" are unambiguous synonyms for "active"
      and "inactive", respectively.

      A player may flip eir activity, unless e has done so within the
      past week.

      A player may, with Support and without 2 Objections, flip the
      activity of another player to inactive, if that other player has
      not made a public post in the last 30 days.  A player made
      inactive by this method becomes active immediately upon eir next
      public post.

      Inactive players may not vote, make proposals, hold office, or
      be a judge of a CFJ.  An inactive player may not be required by
      the rules to perform any duty or action, unless the rules
      explicitly state that they can require inactive players to
      perform that duty or action.

      This rule takes precedence over all other rules that regulate
      activity, or the powers or duties that a player may have because
      of eir activity.


Amend Rule 2036 (The Silent Treatment) to read:

      If a player (hereafter the Silent One) has been inactive
      continuously for three months, then any player may publish a
      Notice of Abandonment, identifying the silent one and alleging
      that e has abandoned the game.

      The publication of a Notice of Abandonment commences the Silent
      Treatment for the silent one.  If at any time during the silent
      treatment the silent one is not, or ceases to be, inactive, then
      the treatment is terminated, and the Registrar is relieved of
      all powers and responsibilities regarding it.

      As soon as possible after the commencement of the silent
      treatment, the Registrar shall publish in all designated Public
      Fora, and send to each listed e-mail address of the silent one,
      a Notice of Intent to Deregister, announcing the Registrar's
      intent to deregister the silent one after one month has passed.

      If the silent treatement has not terminated a month after the
      publication of the Notice of Intent to Deregister, then the
      Registrar shall, as soon as possible, publish in all designated
      Public Fora, and send to each listed e-mail address of the
      silent one, a Notice of Deregistration identifying the silent
      one.  A Notice of Deregistration is valid if and only if it is
      published by the Registrar, following the procedures described
      in this Rule.

      Upon publication of a valid Notice of Deregistration, the
      following events occur in order:

      (1) if the silent one is the Speaker, e ceases to be Speaker;

      (2) the silent one is deregistered;

      (3) the silent treatment for that player concludes.


Amend Rule 559 (The Registrar) by replacing:

         (v) each player's activity level, and the most recent date on
             which that player's activity level changed;

        (vi) each player's Noisy/Quiet/Silent status, and the most
             recent date on which that player became Noisy, Quiet,
             or Silent; and

       (vii) the identity of the Distributor.

with:

         (v) each player's activity level, and the most recent date
             and method by which that player's activity level changed;

        (vi) the identity of the Distributor.


Amend Rule 2107 (Contracts) by replacing the text 'becomes Silent'
                                   with the text 'is deregistered'

Amend Rule 698 (Always an Eligible Judge) by deleting all occurrences
of the term 'non-silent' and then by deleting all occurrences of the
term 'silent'.

Repeal Rule 1042 (Deregistration Due to Silence).

Delete the 'Loot the Dead' card definition from the Onepower cardbook.