ID: 4831
Title: Rulebooks
Author: Maud
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3


Enact a rule with power 3, titled "Cooking the Books", reading:

      A Rulebook is a document so designated by the rules, to be
      maintained by an indicated player.  The Codex is a Rulebook with
      power 3.

      The maintainer of a nonblank Rulebook shall publish it monthly
      and as soon as possible after the Rulebook changes.

      A Rulebook may define terms, enable or empower persons to
      perform actions, require players to perform or avoid performing
      actions, provide methods for its own modification, and prohibit
      certain modifications to its text.  Unless otherwise specified,
      a Rulebook may be modified by a proposal of greater or equal
      power, and the maintainer of a Rulebook may change
      non-substantial properties of any Rulebook, specifically layout,
      whitespace, and the order of definitions, as e sees fit.  If a
      Rulebook does not specify any methods by which it can be
      modified, substantial changes in that Rulebook can only be made
      by proposal.

      A Rulebook may not provide methods to modify the ruleset, enable
      or empower persons to modify the ruleset, require players to
      modify the ruleset, prohibit players from attempting to modify
      the ruleset, or define terms in such a way as to try to sneak
      around any of these restrictions.

      If a Rulebook conflicts with this rule, this rule wins.  If a
      Rulebook conflicts with another rule, the conflict shall be
      resolved as though that Rulebook were a rule with the same rule
      number as that of this rule.

      The power of a Rulebook is one unless otherwise specified.

Amend the Codex to read:

      == THE TEN THOUSAND MINOR OFFICES ==

      We're working on the "ten thousand" part.  Join Agora today!

      * The Speaker may appoint any player to be the Rules Lawyer by
        announcement.

      == RULEBOOKS ==

      The following documents are Rulebooks:

      * The Codex, which has power 3, is maintained by the Rules
        Lawyer, and is the very document you're now reading.