ID: 4833
Title: Tension makes a tangle
Author: Maud
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3


Change the title of rule 101 (Obey the Rules) to "Agora May I?",
and amend it to read:

      Any player is permitted to perform an action which is not
      regulated.  An action is regulated if:

      (a) the action is prohibited;

      (b) the rules indicate that if certain conditions are satisfied,
          then some player is permitted to perform the action;

      (c) the action would, as part of its effect, modify information
          for which some player is required to be a recordkeepor;

      (d) the action would, as part of its effect, make it impossible
          to make arbitrary modifications to the rules by any
          combinations of actions by players; or

      (e) the courts have held that the action is regulated, and this
          finding has not been overturned.

      A player besides the Speaker is always permitted to deregister
      rather than continue to play.  Please treat Agora right good
      forever.

Repeal rule 1011 (Definition of Nomic Property).

[Shouldn't this be "Can't implies needn't"?]

Amend rule 2039 (Ought implies can) to read:

      No player may be required to do anything e is not empowered to
      do, and the failure of a player to do something e was not
      empowered to do shall never constitute the commission of a crime
      or infraction.

[Should I define "note"?  Use a different word?]

Change the title of rule 1527 (Timing of Multiple Events in One
Message) to "Unsnarling Tangles", and amend it to read:

      Whenever a message contains more than one note on which the
      rules place some legal significance, the notes shall be taken to
      have been sent sequentially in the order they appear in the
      message.

      A tangle is any set of two or more notes in a message, none of
      which can be determined to appear in the message before the
      others.  If a message containing a tangle does not provide an
      order for the notes in that tangle, then the notes in that
      tangle shall be considered ambiguous and without effect if the
      effects of those notes on the gamestate would depend on the
      order in which they take effect, discounting the mere fact of
      their taking effect in a different order.

Change the title of rule 869 (How to Join Agora) to "How to Join and
Leave Agora", and amend it to read:

      A person who is not currently registered as a player and is not
      prohibited from registering is permitted to register.

      A person registers or deregisters by announcement.

      Whenever a person registers, e becomes a player.

      Whenever a player deregisters or is deregistered, e ceases to be
      a player and is prohibited from registering for the next thirty
      days.

Repeal rule 1043 (Deregistration).

Amend rule 478 (Fora) to read:

      Publicity is a stuck forum switch with values null, Discussion,
      and Public.  A forum's publicity may not be changed except as
      described in this rule.

      The Registrar may flip the publicity of a forum without
      objection as long as:

      (a) e sends eir announcement of intent to that forum; and

      (b) if the forum is to be made public, the announcement by which
          the Registrar makes that forum public is sent to all
          existing public fora.

      Each active player should ensure e can receive messages via each
      public forum.

      The Registrar's report shall include a list of all public or
      discussion fora and sufficient data regarding each to allow
      players to receive messages via that medium.  The Registrar need
      not keep track of null fora.

      A message is public if and only if it is sent via a public forum
      or is sent to all players and contains a clear designation of
      intent to be public.  A player "publishes" or "announces"
      something by sending a public message.

      A player performs an action "by announcement" by announcing that
      e performs it.  A player performs an action "by private message"
      to some player by sending an appropriate private message to the
      specified player.  Any action performed by sending a message is
      performed at the time date-stamped on that message.