ID: 4836
Title: Speaker Reforms v2.0
Author: Goethe
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2


Speaker Reforms v2.0
by Goethe and Maud

[
v2.0 1. adds many wording changes suggested by Maud.
     2. removes chamber fees in anticipation of removing fees.
     3. added Speaker's RUBBERSTAMP to lower quorum on ordinary
        proposals (fun!)

v1.0 rearranges a little, adds debate-o-matic back to the deck.

v0.1
1.  Tidies up chambers.  Makes Ordinary the default again.  Gives
    Speaker ability to flip chambers for free.
2.  New Veto, operating through quorum failure.
3.  Agoran Decisions allow Conclaves to be simplified a bit.
4.  The Asenion solution may be broken if there's already a Pope at
    the time of a win.  This fixes that (and condenses Church and
    State a little).
5.  Tainting is removed.
]

Amend Rule 1933 (A Proposal's Chamber) to read:

      Chamber is a stuck proposal switch with values ordinary and
      democratic.  The default chamber for a proposal with an adoption
      index of at least 2 is democratic.

      An ordinary proposal with an adoption index of two or greater is
      stalled.  Rules to the contrary notwithstanding, a stalled
      proposal is undistributable, and if a proposal is distributed
      that was stalled at the time of distribution, its chamber shall
      immediately and automatically be set to democratic.


Amend Rule 2019 (The Speaker's Veto) to read:

      The Speaker may veto an Ordinary Proposal in its voting period
      by announcement.  Whenever a proposal is vetoed, its quorum is
      set to the current number of eligible voters on that proposal
      plus one, other rules governing quorum notwithstanding.

      As soon as possible after a vetoed proposal fails quorum, the
      Assessor shall a copy of that proposal to the Proposal Pool.
      When e does so, that copy shall become distributable and
      democratic, and its adoption index shall be increased by one.

      The Speaker may Rubberstamp an Ordinary Proposal in its voting
      period by announcement.  Quorum for a rubberstamped ordinary
      proposal is three, other rules governing quorum nonwithstanding.


Amend Rule 402 (Church and State) to read:

      A cardinal is an active, ready player who is neither the current
      Speaker nor the Associate Director of Personnel.

      When a cardinal becomes a pope, any previous pope immediately
      ceases being a pope.  Whenever a pope is not a cardinal, e
      immediately ceases being a pope.

      For seven days after a cardinal wins the game with no other
      players simultaneously winning, that cardinal may announce that
      e becomes a pope.  Upon this announcement, that player becomes a
      pope, so please treat em right good forever.

      A notice of papal succession is a notice published by the
      Associate Director of Personnel, that declares that a specified
      player is a pope, and is valid if the named player is indeed a
      pope.  Upon publication of a valid notice of papal succession,
      the current Speaker ceases to be Speaker, the pope becomes the
      new Speaker, and the pope ceases to be a pope.


Amend Rule 786 (Default Procedure for Conclaves) to read:

      When the rules require that a conclave be convened and no
      competing conclave is currently convened, then as soon as
      possible, the Associate Director of Personnel (ADoP) shall
      convene a conclave by announcement, specifying the collection of
      qualified cardinals.  A cardinal is qualified for a conclave
      unless the rules specify otherwise.

      The announcement is ineffective if the ADoP is not required to
      convene a conclave or eir announcement does not list all and
      only the cardinals qualified for that conclave.  However, if
      errors are not announced until after 7 days after the conclave
      concludes, the results shall stand.

      The convening of a conclave initiates an Agoran Decision to
      determine the Pope, a decision in which quorum is zero, the
      voting period is 7 days, all Players are eligible voters, all
      qualified cardinals are valid options as long as they remain
      qualified cardinals, and the ADoP has the privilege of resolving
      ties as for elections.

      The ADoP's announcement of the cardinal chosen by Agora makes
      that cardinal the pope and concludes the conclave.

      If no cardinal may be legally chosen by Agora, the ADoP shall so
      announce, and the conclave concludes as a cliffhanger.  If a
      conclave has not concluded within a fortnight from the time it
      was convened, any player may announce that it is inconclusive
      and thus conclude it as a cliffhanger.  When an conclave
      concludes as a cliffhanger, this canon calls for a consecutive
      conclave to be convened to calculate the correct cardinal.

      If the office of ADoP is ever vacant, or the identity of its
      holder cannot be determined with reasonable certainty, then the
      first player who announces that e convenes a conclave, with eir
      announcement adhering to the conditions for the ADoP's
      announcement, shall then be permitted and required to perform
      the actions that would have been required of the ADoP for that
      conclave.

Amend Rule 1791 by removing the phrase "who is not Tainted"
Amend Rule 1661 by removing the phrase "who is not Tainted"

Repeal Rule 1647 (The Asenion Solution)
Repeal Rule 1658 (The Speaker we do Taint)

Add the following card definition to the Twopower Cardbook:

      * Caption:    Debate-o-Matic
        Frequency:  Common
        Elements:   None
        Exploit: Indicate an undistributed proposal and a legal
        chamber for that proposal.  The chamber of the indicated
        proposal is set to the indicated chamber.

The quota for Debate-o-Matic is hereby set to 10.