ID: 4837
Title: Kudononsuch
Author: Goethe
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2


Proposal: Kudononsuch

Amend Rule 2069 by removing the following text:

      (e) A nonsite gambler whose hand size is smaller than the
          maximum hand size, plus the number of offices e holds, may
          draw a card for a fee equal to the number of times during
          the current month e has previously drawn a card in this
          manner.

      (f) When a gambler draws a card, e gains a pending draw.  As
          soon as possible afterward, the Deckmastor shall deal a card
          to that gambler.  When e does so, the draw is no longer
          pending.

and by replacing:

                            A gambler's hand size is the size of this
          collection, plus one for each pending draw for that gambler.

with:

                            A gambler's hand size is the size of this
          collection, plus one for each free pending draw for that
          gambler.


Create the following Rule, entitled "Satisfying draws":

      When a gambler draws a card as specified by the Rules, e gains a
      Pending Draw.

      Encumbrance is a stuck switch for pending draws, with values
      Free and Heavy.  Drawing a [Encumbrance value] card is a synonym
      for gaining a pending draw with the indicated encumbrance.

      As soon as possible after a gambler draws a card, the Deckmastor
      shall satisfy the draw by dealing a card to the gambler with the
      pending draw, but only if the draw is Satisfiable.  A draw is
      satisfiable unless defined otherwise.

      A heavy pending draw is not satisfiable as long as the gambler
      with the draw has a hand size equal to or greater than eir
      defined maximum hand size.  If a gambler has both heavy and free
      pending draws, the Deckmastor must satisfy all satisfiable heavy
      draws before satisfying any free draws for that gambler.

      If the Rules state that a gambler loses a pending draw, than
      that draw is considered satisfied without the dealing of a card,
      whether or not it is satisfiable.  E shall first lose all free
      draws before losing any heavy draws.  If e has no draws, the
      Deckmastor shall discard a random card from that gambler's hand.
      If e has no cards, then the deckmastor shall satisfy the next
      pending draw e gains without dealing a card.

      A satisfied draw is no longer pending.


Amend Rule 2080 (Cards for Proposals) by renaming it "Basic Draws" and
amending it to read:

      The maximum hand size for a Player is defined as the maximum
      hand size in the Deckmastor's Budget plus the number of Offices
      (including the Speakership) that the Player holds.

      Any Player may draw up to three heavy cards in a single month by
      announcement.  If a Player draws a card without specifying the
      explicit circumstances allowing the draw, it shall be considered
      an attempt to draw one of these heavy cards.

      Any Player may draw one free card in a single month, by noting
      it is eir free draw for the month.

      Any Player may draw one heavy card for each Proposal e proposes
      that is adopted, by noting the Proposal's number.


AMEND RULE 2049 (Ephemera) to read:

      Players may be permitted or required by the Rules to grant Boons
      or Albatrosses to other Players.  If so, these awards are
      performed by public announcement.  The Herald shall note the
      granting of all such awards.

      A Player who gains a Boon is considered to have drawn a free
      card for that boon.  A Player who gains an Albatross loses a
      pending draw.


AMEND RULE 2089 (Gardner Library) by replacing:

      A player (hereafter the Borrower) may check out a specified card
      from the Library by paying a Fee for the Library's upkeep.  The
      fee is 2 Kudos for Students and 1 Kudo for Faculty Members.  The
      card is reserved and may not be checked out by any player until
      it is dealt to the Library again by the Deckmastor.

with:

      A player (hereafter the Borrower) may check out a specified card
      from the Library by announcement, which must satisfy a number of
      satisfiable pending draws that e, in fact, possesses.  The
      number is 2 pending draws for Students and 1 pending draw for
      Faculty Members.  The card is reserved and may not be checked
      out by any player until it is dealt to the Library again by the
      Deckmastor.


Amend Rule 2075 (Winning Hands) by replacing:

      Exactly one week after a true announcement, the Flux of all
      Gamblers except the Deck shall become frozen.

with:

      Exactly one week after a true announcement, the Flux of all
      Gamblers except the Deck shall become frozen, and all heavy
      pending draws shall be deemed satisfied.

REPEAL RULE 2051 (Tabla Rasa)
REPEAL RULE 2096 (Ephemeral Time Limits)
REPEAL RULE 2047 (Kudos)
REPEAL RULE 2048 (Enlightenment)
REPEAL RULE 1941 (Fees)
REPEAL RULE 2018 (Expunging Blots)

[Kudo card deletions in upcoming proposal]