ID: 4838
Title: New game in town
Author: Goethe
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1


Proposal:  New game in town

Amend Rule 2114 (Card Definitions) by replacing:

              and can define an Element by specifying its name and
      description.  Neither classes of cards nor Elements may be
      otherwise defined.

with:

              and can define an Element or Scoring Instruction by
      specifying its name and description.  Neither classes of cards
      Elements, nor Scoring Instructions may be otherwise defined.


Amend Rule 2075 (Winning Hands) by replacing:

      The Deckmastor's Budget shall contain between one and five
      Winning Hands, each of which is a list of cards with a hand size
      at least two greater than the Maximum Hand Size.

      If a Gambler's Hand is identical to a winning hand at any
      particular moment, any Gambler has 72 hours from that moment to
      announce that a Gambler holds or has held a winning hand.

with:

      The Scoring Instructions contained in cardbooks, interpreted
      collectively, may define a nonsite gambler as holding a winning
      hand at a particular moment.  If so, any Gambler has 72 hours
      from that moment to announce that a Gambler holds or has held a
      winning hand.


Amend Rule 2104 (Contreras Card Labs) by appending the following text:

      Any Player may add, delete, or amend a Scoring Instruction in
      the Blueprints Cardbook, with M support and without N
      Objections, where M is greater than or equal to N at the time
      the change is performed, and N is at least 1.


Add the following Scoring instructions to the Onepower Cardbook, with
each numbered item being a seperate instruction:

      0.  Each scoring instructions shall be indexed with a unique
      integer, which if unspecified will be one greater than the
      highest index at the time of its creation.  The score of each
      hand is a complex number, which is 0 if otherwise undefined.

      1.  The score of hands will be calculated by applying the lowest
      indexed instruction to every hand simultaneously, followed by
      the next highest instruction and so forth until all instructions
      have been applied.

      9999.  A winning hand has a score magnitude greater than 250 and
      greater than the score magnitude of any other nonsite gambler's
      hand.


Add the following Scoring Instruction to the Blueprints cardbook:

      10.  A single card adds N to the score of its hand, where N is
      determined by the first letter of its caption, with 'A' worth 1,
      'B' worth 2, [...], 'Z' worth 26.