ID: 4849
Title: Fees, Please 1.3
Author: root
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1


Changes from version 1.2:

* Players can be refunded for overpayment as well as for failure.

Changes from version 1.1:

* The fee is pragmatically paid regardless of whether the Actor had
  "sufficient cards".

* Removed the crime of Card Swapping.  The Deckmastor will now
  preferentially return the cards discarded to pay the fee.

Changes from version 1.0:

* A refund is given if the action fails for any reason, not just
  insufficient cards.

* Intentionally failing actions to replace bad cards or to dodge hand
  reduction is a crime.


Goethe is a coauthor of this proposal.


Create a Rule titled "Fees", reading:

      A fee-based action is an action with which the rules associate a
      fee, which must be a natural number.  If the rules describe a
      fee-based action but do not indicate the fee for that action,
      then that fee is zero.

      A player (the Actor) attempts to perform a fee-based action by
      announcing that e performs it; specifying the action to be
      performed; if the fee is nonzero, noting that there is a fee for
      the action; and optionally indicating an ordered set of cards
      (the Down Payment) in eir collection to be applied to the fee.
      If the Down Payment is not indicated, then it is the empty set.
      The Actor has sufficient cards to perform the action if the
      number of cards in the Down Payment plus the number of pending
      draws e has meets or exceeds the fee.

      Upon the Actor's announcement, the following events occur in
      order:

      1) The Effective Fee for the attempt is set equal to the fee,
         and the Payment for the attempt is set equal to zero.  The
         Balance for the attempt is defined to be equal to the
         Effective Fee less the Payment.

      2) Each card in the Down Payment is discarded, and the Payment
         is increased by the number of cards so discarded.

      3) The Actor loses a number of pending draws equal to the
         minimum of zero, the Balance, and the number of pending draws
         e has; and the Payment is increased by the same number.

      4) The Actor performs the action.

      If the success of the Actor's attempt to perform a fee-based
      action is publicly challenged within a week of the time the
      action was attempted, then the Deckmastor shall, as soon as
      possible, determine whether the Actor had sufficient cards when
      e attempted to perform the action, and announce eir
      determination.

      If the Deckmastor announces that the Actor did not have
      sufficient cards to perform a fee-based action at the time of
      eir attempt, and eir announcement was published within a
      fortnight from the time the action was attempted, then the
      action shall be deemed not to have been performed.

      If the success of an Actor's attempt to perform a fee-based
      action is not publicly challenged within a week of the time the
      action was attempted, then the action shall be deemed to have
      been performed.

      If for any reason the action is deemed not to have been
      performed, then the Effective Fee shall be set to zero.

      If the Balance of a fee-based action is negative, and the Actor
      submits a request for refund to the Deckmastor within one week
      of performing the action or within one week of the action being
      deemed not to have been performed, then the Deckmastor shall
      perform the following actions as soon as possible:

      1) As long as the Balance remains negative and the Down Payment
         remains non-empty, decrement the Payment, remove the last
         card from the Down Payment, and:

         a) Transfer to the Actor a copy of the same class of card
            from the discard pile, if one exists; otherwise

         b) Transfer to the Actor a copy of the same class of card
            from the deck, if one exists; otherwise

         c) Award the Actor a pending draw.

      2) As long as the Balance remains negative, decrement the
         Payment and award the Actor a pending draw.

      Nothing in this rule shall act to prevent a person from
      performing a fee-based action by another mechanism for
      performing that action provided by the rules.


Amend Rule 2106 by replacing the text "noting any fees" with the text
"paying any fees".