ID: 4851
Title: Chips
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1


Amend Rule 2068 (The Deckmastor) to read:

      The Deckmastor is an office; its holder is responsible for fair
      play, shuffling, and dealing, and is the recordkeepor for cards
      and chips.

      The Deckmastor's weekly report shall contain a record of all
      cards and chips in existence, recent card and chip actions, and
      what entity holds each card and chip.  The Deckmastor need not
      record or report transfers of cards to the table.

Amend Rule 2069 (Card Actions) by replacing this text:

      the sum of the number of pending draws for each gambler is
      greater than the number of cards in the deck, or that there are
      no cards in the deck

with this text:

      there are no cards in the deck

Amend Rule 2075 (Winning Hands) by replacing this text:

      all heavy pending draws shall be deemed satisfied.

with this text:

      all white chips shall be forfeited to the Pot.

Create a rule titled "Gaining and Losing Chips" with this text:

      If the rules say that a player gains a chip, it is created in
      eir possession.  Rumor and superstition have it that these chips
      come from a mystical place referred to in legend as The House,
      which is to be greatly feared by all gamblers.

      If the rules say that a player loses a chip, without specifying
      which chip e loses:

        (a) If e has at least one red chip, then one of eir red chips
            is forfeited to the Pot.

        (b) Otherwise, if e has at least one white chip, then one of
            eir white chips is forfeited to the Pot.

        (c) Otherwise, if e has at least one card, then the Deckmastor
            shall discard one of that player's cards at random.

        (d) Otherwise, the next chip e gains is immediately forfeited
            to the Pot.

Change the name of Rule 2080 (Basic Draws) to "Chip Sources", and
amend it to read:

      At the beginning of each month, each player gains three white
      chips and one red chip.

      Upon the adoption of a proposal, the author gains one white
      chip.

      A player who gains a Boon gains a red chip.  A player who gains
      an Albatross loses a chip.

Amend Rule 2049 (Ephemera) by removing this text:

      A Player who gains a Boon is considered to have drawn a free
      card for that boon.  A Player who gains an Albatross loses a
      pending draw.

Change the name of Rule 2120 (Satisfying Draws) to "Cashing In One's
Chips", and amend it to read:

      The Pot is a site.

      A player may cash in one or more of eir chips by transferring
      them to the Pot.  As soon as possible after e does so, the
      Deckmastor shall deal em a card for each non-forfeited chip.

Amend Rule 2089 (Gardner Library) to read:

      Whenever the Library's hand size plus number of chips is less
      than five, it receives a red chip.

      A player (the Borrower) may check out a specified card currently
      in the Library's hand for a fee (2 for Students, 1 for Faculty
      Members), upon which the card is transferred to the Borrower.

      The President of the University may discard any card in the
      possession of the Library without two objections.

Amend Rule 2075 (Winning Hands) by replacing this text:

      If the announcement is true, the holding Gambler Wins the Game,
      and is awarded the boon of Pokerface and the defined regular
      Patent Title Champion.

with this text:

      If the announcement is true, the holding Gambler Wins the Game,
      and is awarded the boon of Pokerface, the defined regular Patent
      Title Champion, and a blue chip (non-transferrable) marked with
      the number of red and white chips in the Pot (after which the
      Pot is emptied).

Amend Rule 2083 (Hand Reductions) by replacing this text:

        (i) Satisfy all satisfiable pending draws for that gambler and
            announce a pending hand reduction;

       (ii) Wait at least four days, during which e may not satisfy
            pending draws for that gambler;

with this text:

        (i) Satisfy all requirements to deal cards to that gambler for
            cashed-in chips and announce a pending hand reduction;

       (ii) Wait at least four days, during which the gambler may not
            cash in any chips;

Create a rule titled "Fees" with this text:

      A player plays a fee of X by cashing in X chips.  These chips
      are forfeited.