ID: 4852
Title: The Black and Yellow Repeals
Author: root
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1


* This proposal:
*   - Modifies the Library to use fees for checking out cards
*   - Fixes the Library's infinite draw bug
*   - Fixes the Library Renewal card bug
*   - Separates the Library and Card Labs from the University (and
*     shifts maintenance duties from the Speaker to the Deckmastor)
*   - Demolishes the rest of the University (apart from theses)

Amend Rule 2089 (Gardner Library) to read:

      The Library is a site.  The Deckmastor is a limited executor of
      the Library.

      As soon as possible after the beginning of each quarter, the
      Deckmastor shall discard all cards in the possession of the
      Library.  The Library then gains five pending draws.

      A player (hereafter the Borrower) may check out a specified card
      from the Library by paying a fee.  The amount of the fee is 2
      for Students and 1 for Faculty Members.

      Whenever a card is checked out from the Library, it is
      transferred to the Borrower.


Amend the Onepower Cardbook by replacing the text reading:

       * Caption:   Library Renewal
         Frequency: Rare
         Exploit:   Indicate a positive integer less than 6.  As soon
                    as possible, the President of the University must
                    randomly discard the indicated number of cards from
                    the Library's hand, or all cards from the Library's
                    hand, whichever is greater.

with:

       * Caption:   Library Renewal
         Frequency: Rare
         Exploit:   Indicate a non-empty set of at most 5 cards in the
                    possession of the Library.  As soon as possible, the
                    Deckmastor must discard the indicated cards from the
                    Library's hand.  The Library gains a number of
                    pending draws equal to the number of indicated
                    cards.


The Library is hereby deemed to have exactly five pending draws.


Amend Rule 2104 (Contreras Card Labs) by deleting the text "The
University encourages Card experimentation."


Amend Rule 2086 (The University of Agora) by renaming it "Education"
and changing it to read:

      Education is a stuck player switch with values Student and
      Faculty Member.  The Herald is the recordkeepor of education.
      As soon as possible after a player is awarded a degree, the
      Herald shall flip the education of that player to Faculty
      Member.


Amend Rule 1377 (The Herald) by appending the text:

       (iv)  Each player's Education.


Repeal Rule 2091 (The Office of Secretary of the University).
Repeal Rule 2087 (Research Grants).
Repeal Rule 2088 (The University Book Club).