ID: 4853
Title: Alternate Conclaves
Author: Goethe
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1


Proposal: Alternate Conclaves

[V1.0 Changes from first version: Should be no different in effects,
 tightened language (for example, realized reasons for Speaker
 deregistering (e.g. lawlessness) could be generalized. Also, found
 that it could be written as two rules and not 3. Bonus: if we ever
 repeal the rule "Conclaves", "Church and State" on its own will put
 us back to Ur-Agora, where you became speaker by winning. ]

[V0.1 Adds mechanism of Agoran consent for quick decisions, rewrites
 Conclaves with that mechanism, and fixes Conclave bugs that have
 turned up].

Create the following Rule, entitled "Agoran Consent"

      If the Rules specify that an entity may perform an action with
      Agoran Consent, then the entity may perform the action with M
      supporters and without N objections, as long as M is greater
      than N.


Amend Rule 2104 (Contreras Card Labs) by replacing:

      Any Player may add, delete, or amend a Scoring Instruction in
      the Blueprints Cardbook, with M support and without N
      Objections, where M is greater than or equal to N at the time
      the change is performed, and N is at least 1.

with:

      Any Player may add, delete, or amend a Scoring Instruction in
      the Blueprints Cardbook, with Agoran Consent.


Amend Rule 681 (Conditions for Conclavity) by changing its title to
"Conclaves" and amending it to read:

      Agora exits from Conclave whenever a player becomes a pope.

      Agora enters into Conclave whenever there is no pope and one of
      the following triggering events occurs:

      (a) the Speaker resigns the Speakership, becomes inactive, or
          otherwise ceases to be Speaker without another player being
          installed as Speaker;

      (b) the success of a Call for Revolt is announced, and the
          Speaker was abiding at the time of the Call for Revolt, in
          which case the rebellious cardinals are the only qualified
          cardinals;

      (c) two or more cardinals simultaneously win the game, in which
          case these cardinals are the only qualified cardinals;

      (d) no pope has become Speaker for the past six months; or

      (e) a pope ceases to be pope without becoming Speaker.

      As soon as possible after Agora enters into conclave, the
      Associate Director of Personnel must announce the fact and
      publish a list of qualified cardinals.  All cardinals are
      considered qualified unless specifically restricted by the
      particular triggering event.  If Agora is already in conclave
      when a triggering event occurs, Agora remains in conclave, but
      the qualification of each cardinal is modified to reflect the
      more recent event.

      While Agora is in conclave, any player may make a qualified
      Cardinal into a pope, with Agoran consent.  If the legality of
      this action is not challenged within seven days of it being
      attempted, then it shall be allowed to stand, even if is
      subsequently found to be illegal.

      So there's always hope
      that you can be pope.


Repeal Rule 786 (Default Procedure for Conclaves).


Amend Rule 402 (Church and State) to read:

      A cardinal is an active, ready player who is neither the current
      Speaker nor the Associate Director of Personnel.

      For seven days after a cardinal wins the game with no other
      players simultaneously winning, that cardinal may announce that
      e becomes a pope.  Upon this announcement, that player becomes a
      pope, so please treat em right good forever.

      When a cardinal becomes a pope, any previous pope immediately
      ceases being a pope.  Whenever a pope is not a cardinal, e
      immediately ceases being a pope.

      As soon as possible after a cardinal becomes a pope, the
      Associate Director of Personnel shall install that pope as
      Speaker, by announcement.  Upon this announcement, if the player
      is still a pope, then the current Speaker ceases to be Speaker,
      and the pope is installed as the new Speaker and ceases to be a
      pope.

      This installation cannot be performed if there are unresolved
      challenges regarding the pope-ness of the player.  If the
      legality of an installation is not challenged within seven days
      of it being attempted, then it shall be allowed to stand, even
      if is subsequently found to be illegal.

      If the office of ADoP is ever vacant, or the identity of its
      holder cannot be determined with reasonable certainty, then
      installation may be performed by any player by announcement.