ID: 4858
Title: Streamlined hand reductions
Author: Goethe
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1


Proposal: Streamlined hand reductions

[Takes out requirements that draws be satisfied before reduction
announced, and also the restriction against drawing.  Also lengthens
time between reductions but allows deckmastor to deal with shortages].

Amend Rule 2083 (Hand Reductions) to read:

      The Rules may declare that a nonsite Gambler's hand is subject
      to a Hand Reduction.  A particular hand reduction must have a
      maximum hand size associated with it; if none is defined, the
      Maximum Hand Size in the Deckmastor's budget is used.

      As soon as possible after a requirement for a reduction arises,
      the Deckmastor shall:

        (i) Announce the pending hand reduction;

       (ii) Wait at least four days after the announcement;

      (iii) Discard cards at random from that Gambler's hand until eir
            hand size is equal to or less than maximum associated with
            the reduction.

       (iv) If a gambler loses no cards during a reduction, and has
            neither played nor transferred a card since the last
            reduction, the Deckmastor shall discard one card at random
            from the gambler's hand (if it has any cards).

      If a dispute on the gambler's hand size or pending draws is
      raised and not resolved prior to (iii), above, the Deckmastor
      shall not perform (iii) for that hand until the dispute is
      resolved.  If no dispute is raised prior to (iii) being
      performed, then the reduction shall stand regardless of
      subsequent disputes.  However, a Judge in such a dispute may
      Order the Deckmastor to perform further card transfers to
      resolve such disputes.

      If the Deckmastor knowingly reduces a hand incorrectly, e
      commits the Class 4 Crime of Card Thievery.

      If more than one hand reduction is pending for the same hand,
      then the Deckmastor need only perform the reduction for the
      reduction with the lowest associated maximum; this shall satisfy
      all pending reductions.

      At the beginning of each Quarter, every Player's hand becomes
      subject to a hand reduction to the maximum hand size in the
      Deckmastor's Budget plus the number of Offices (including the
      Speakership) that e holds.  If at any time there are more
      unsatisfied pending draws then cards in the Deck and Discard
      Pile put together, the Deckmastor may announce a Shortage, with
      subjects every Player's hand to such a hand reduction.


Add the following Card to the Onepower Cardbook:

    * Caption:   I Fold
      Frequency: Rare
      Elements:  Asleep[30], Costly[3]
      Exploit:   Reduce your hand size to N by discarding one or more
                 cards.  Every Player becomes subject to a Hand
                 Reduction to a maximum of N.


The Quota for I Fold is hereby set to 2.


Amend the Costly exploit in the Onepower cardbook to read:

       * Costly [ Y a nonnegative integer]: There is a fee of Y to
         play this card.