ID: 4894
Title: Red Tape Scam
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1


Create a rule titled "Fantasy Rule Changes" with this text:

       A proposal generally can, as part of its effect:

       (a) Enact a rule.  When enacted, rules have Power 1.

       (b) Assign a number to a rule.

       (c) Modify the power, title, or text of a rule.

       (d) Repeal a rule.  When a proposal repeals a rule, it ceases
       to be a rule, and the Rulekeepor need no longer maintain a record
       of it.

Repeal Rule 105 (Rule Changes).

Upon the adoption of this proposal:
   OscarMeyr is awarded the Patent Title of Fantasy Rule Conspirator.
   Peter is awarded the Patent Title of Fantasy Rule Catalyst.
   Murphy is awarded the Patent Title of Fantasy Rule Creator.
   Zefram is awarded the Patent Title of Fantasy Rule Compulsion.

Amend the rule titled "Fantasy Rule Changes" to have number 105,
Power 3, title "Rule Changes", and this text:

       A proposal generally can, as part of its effect:

       (a) Enact a rule.  When a rule is enacted, the Rulekeepor shall
       assign it a number, which must be greater than any number
       previously assigned.  If the enacting proposal does not specify
       the power, the rule shall have power equal to one.  If the
       proposal specifies the power, then the rule shall have power
       equal to the minimum of four, the power of the proposal, and the
       power specified by the proposal.  If the title is not specified,
       the Rulekeepor may select any title e sees fit.

       (b) Modify the power, title, or text of a rule.  A Proposal can
       modify the power, title, or text of a rule with power no greater
       than its own.  However, a proposal cannot cause a rule to have
       power greater than its own.  Any ambiguity in a modification
       specified by a proposal causes that modification to be void and
       without effect.  A variation in whitespace or capitalization in
       the quotation of an existing rule does not constitute ambiguity
       for the purposes of this rule, but any other variation does.

       (c) Repeal a rule.  A Proposal can repeal a rule with power no
       greater than its own.  When a proposal repeals a rule, it ceases
       to be a rule, and the Rulekeepor need no longer maintain a record
       of it.

       This rule provides the only mechanism by which rules can be
       enacted, modified, or repealed.