ID: 4912
Title: Multiple judicial fixes
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1


Amend Rule 2024 (Linked Statements) to read:

       Linked CFJs are multiple Calls for Judgement deemed to be
       sufficiently similar that they should have a single judge.

       Linkage is transitive.  When a set of one or more linked CFJs
       change jurisdiction, they remain linked to each other, but
       become unlinked from any other CFJs; they may become linked
       to one or more CFJs within the new jurisdiction.

       Multiple CFJs, submitted in a single message and clearly
       labelled as Linked CFJs, become linked.  The players (if any)
       barred by the caller from judging the first CFJ are the only
       players e may bar from judging the others.

       The Clerk of the Courts shall not assign judges directly to the
       members of a set of Linked CFJs, but shall assign a judge to the
       set, as if it was a single CFJ.  The judge must be eligible to
       judge each member of the set, and is simultaneously assigned
       as judge of each member of the set.

       The judge of a set of Linked CFJs shall submit eir judgement of
       each of those CFJs in a single message.

       A trial judge may remand one or more linked CFJs to the Clerk of
       the Courts by announcement.  E ceases to be their judge.

       A trial judge may transfer one or more of eir CFJs to a second
       trial judge by announcement (identifying one of the second  
judge's
       CFJs), provided that the second judge consents, and is  
eligible to
       judge all of them.  The transferred CFJs become linked to the
       second judge's CFJ (and any others to which it is already  
linked).

Create a rule titled "Excess CFJs" with this text:

       A CFJ made by a person who has previously made five or more CFJs
       during the same Agoran Week as that CFJ is an Excess CFJ.  The
       Clerk of the Courts may dismiss an Excess CFJ by announcement.

Amend Rule 1871 (Turns for All) to read:

       When a player is selected as Trial Judge of a CFJ, e becomes
       turned.  A player is ineligible to be Trial Judge of a CFJ if
       e was turned when it was called.

       When a player registers, e becomes turned.

       The Clerk of the Courts may (without 2 objections) turn a
       player.  E is encouraged to do this only if e expects the
       player to judge CFJs slowly or not at all.

       When the Clerk of the Courts publishes a Notice of Rotation, all
       players become unturned.  The Clerk of the Courts shall only do
       so when all open CFJs without a Trial Judge have no players
       eligible to be assigned, and at least one of them has at least
       one player ineligible solely to being turned; e shall list all
       CFJs in the first set, and at least one in the second.  However,
       failing to meet these requirements does not deprive the Notice
       of effect.

Create a Rule titled "Pragmatic Judicial Assignments" with this text:

       If the Clerk of the Courts errs in good faith by assigning an
       ineligible judge, then the selection stands.  However, if the
       player has not yet delivered judgement, then the Clerk of the
       Courts may point out eir error and recuse the player.