ID: 4913
Title: Paragraphs and pineapples
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2


Upon the adoption of this proposal, each natural person who is part
of a player that is not a natural person is awarded the Patent Title
of Denny Crane.

Upon the adoption of this proposal, each player that is not a natural
person is deregistered.

Amend Rule 1023 (Common Definitions) to read:

       The following terms are defined:

         (a) The term "person" shall mean "natural person".

         (b) The term "number" shall mean "real number".

         (c) The phrase "as soon as possible" shall mean "within seven
             days".

         (d) The term "random" shall mean a choice drawn with a process
             whose probability distribution among the possible outcomes
             is reasonably close to that required by the Rules, using a
             uniform distribution if not otherwise specified.

         (e) The term "paragraph" shall mean a subset of text determined
             as follows:

             (1) Each bulleted section is a unit of text.

             (2) Any remaining text is divided into units at blank  
lines.

             (3) Units are considered in a tree hierarchy, interpreting
                 the original body of text as a depth-first search.  The
                 root is empty, the unbulleted units are its children,
                 and the bulleted units following an unbulleted unit are
                 its descendants (with nested bullets corresponding to
                 nested levels of the tree).

             (4) A "paragraph" identified by partial quotation is
                 determined by the minimum sub-tree containing the
                 entirety of that quotation.

         (f) Agoran epochs:

             (1) Agoran days begin at midnight UTC.

             (2) Agoran weeks begin at midnight UTC on Monday.

             (3) Agoran months begin at midnight UTC on the first day of
                 each Gregorian month.

             (4) Agoran quarters begin when the Agoran months of  
January,
                 April, July, and October begin.

             (5) Agoran years begin when the Agoran month of January
                 begins.