ID: 4936
Title: Agoran Chromodynamics
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3


Repeal Rule 2126 (Voting Credits).

Create a rule titled "Beads" with this text:

      Beads are a measure of each player's economic power.

      Players may spend eir own beads (destroying them), or trade
      them to other players.

      When a player wins the game, all beads are destroyed.

      At the end of each quarter, half of each player's supply of
      each type of bead (rounding up) are destroyed.

      The Jewelor is an office, and the recordkeepor of each type
      of bead.

Create a rule titled "Earning Beads" with this text:

      When a proposal is adopted, its author gains Red Beads equal
      to the integer portion of the proposal's adoption index, and
      each of its co-authors gains one Red Bead.

      At the end of each month, each player gains Yellow Beads equal
      to the number of offices e held for at least 15 days during that
      month, plus one more if e was Speaker for the entire month.

      When a player judges a CFJ during eir Deliberation Period, e gains
      a Blue Bead.

Create a rule titled "Combining Beads" with this text:

      A player may spend two Beads to create a third, as follows:

        a) Red + Yellow = Orange
        b) Red + Blue = Purple
        c) Yellow + Blue = Green

Create a rule titled "Spending Beads" with this text:

      A player may spend:

        * Two Orange Beads to increase eir own voting limit on ordinary
            proposals (VLOP) by one.
        * One Orange Bead to increase another player's VLOP by one.
        * Two Orange Beads to decrease another player's VLOP by one, to
            a minimum of zero.

      When a player wins the game, each player's VLOP is reset to one,
      subject to modification by other rules.

        * One Purple Bead to increase quorum on an ordinary proposal in
            its voting period by one.
        * Two Purple Beads to decrease quorum on such a proposal by one,
            to a minimum of three.

      A proposal that fails quorum increased in this fashion is vetoed.

        * One Green Bead to waive all time limits for attempting to
            replace an officer.
        * One Green Bead to bar a player from judging a CFJ.