ID: 4939
Title: Re-divide some offices
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3


[Smaller Offices may be less intimidating to newer players.]

Create a rule titled "The Assessor" with this text:

      The Assessor is an office; its holder is responsible for
      collecting votes and keeping track of related properties.

      The Assessor is the default vote collector for all Agoran
      decisions that do not specify a different vote collector.

      The Assessor's report shall include the following:

        a) Each player's voting limit on ordinary proposals.
        b) Each player's voting credits.

Amend Rule 106 (Adopting Proposals) by replacing this text:

      Determining whether to adopt a proposal is an Agoran decision.
      For this decision, the available options are FOR, AGAINST, and
      PRESENT, and by default, the eligible voters are the active
      players, the adoption index is the adoption index of the
      proposal, and the vote collector is the Speaker.

with this text:

      Determining whether to adopt a proposal is an Agoran decision.
      For this decision, the available options are FOR, AGAINST, and
      PRESENT, and by default, the eligible voters are the active
      players, and the adoption index is the adoption index of the
      proposal.

Upon the adoption of this proposal, the office of Assessor becomes
held by the Speaker.

Create a rule titled "The International Associate Director of Personnel"
with this text:

      The International Associate Director of Personnel is an office;  
its
      holder is responsible for keeping track of officers and reports.

      The Director of Personnel's report shall include the following:

        a) The holder of each office.
        b) The date on which each holder last came to hold that office.
        c) The date of the most recent attempt to achieve Agoran Consent
             for changing the holder of that office.

Amend Rule 1006 (Offices) by removing this text:

               The Herald shall list the holder of each office, and
      the date upon which each holder last came to hold that office.

and by replacing this text:

      If no attempt to achieve Agoran Consent for changing the holder
      of particular office is announced in a given quarter, then the
      Speaker shall make at least one such attempt to change the
      officeholder in the following quarter, and make the change if
      consent is achieved.

with this text:

      If no attempt to achieve Agoran Consent for changing the holder
      of a particular office is announced in a given quarter, then the
      Director of Personnel shall make at least one such attempt to
      change the officeholder in the following quarter, and make the
      change if consent is acheived.

Upon the adoption of this proposal, the office of Director of Personnel
becomes held by the Herald.

Create a rule titled "The Registrar" with this text:

      The Registrar is an office; its holder is responsible for keeping
      track of players.

      The Registrar's report shall include the following:

        a) Each player's nickname (if any) and listed e-mail address 
(es).
        b) The date on which each player most recently registered.
        c) A list of all public or discussion fora, with sufficient data
             regarding each forum to players to receive messages there.

Amend Rule 478 (Fora) by removing this text:

      The Herald's report shall include a list of all public or
      discussion fora and sufficient data regarding each to allow
      players to receive messages via that medium.  The Herald need
      not keep track of null fora.

and by replacing each instance of "Herald" with "Registrar".

Upon the adoption of this proposal, the office of Registrar becomes held
by the Herald.

Amend Rule 1377 (The Herald) to read:

      The Herald is an office; its holder is responsible for keeping
      track of the History of Agora and its players.

      The Herald's report shall include the following:

        a) A list of each Patent Title and Degree that at least one
             person Bears, with a list of which persons Bear it.
        b) A list of one or more Threats, including Bears.

Amend Rule 1450 (Separation of Powers) to read:

      The following sets of positions are mutually exclusive:

        a) Promotor and Assessor
        b) Speaker and Clerk of the Courts

      A player holding two or more positions within one of these sets
      is removed from all but one of them.  If one of them is the
      Speakership, then e retains it; otherwise, e retains the position
      e came to hold most recently.

      This rule takes precedence over all rules governing offices.