ID: 4940
Title: instrument mechanics
Author: Zefram
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3


Amend rule 1688 to read:

      The power of an entity is a non-negative rational number.
      An instrument is an entity with positive power.

      The power of an entity cannot be set or modified except as
      stipulated by the rules.  All entities have power zero except
      where specifically allowed by the rules.

[The former restriction of power to natural numbers is ineffective,
and we have often found some use for non-integer powers.]

Enact a rule with title "Power Controls Mutability", Power=3, and text:

      No entity with power below the power of this rule can

      (a) cause an entity to have power greater than its own.

      (b) adjust the power of an instrument with power greater than
          its own.

      (c) modify any other substantive aspect of an instrument with  
power
          greater than its own.  A "substantive" aspect of an instrument
          is any aspect that affects the instrument's operation.

[This is the full generalisation of the power restrictions on rule
changes.  Expressing it all in fully general form avoids prior scams
concerned with instruments other than rules and proposals.  The  
exception
for entities with power greater than or equal to this rule is simply
admitting what is effectively the case anyway.]

Enact a rule with title "Role and Attributes of Rules", Power=3, and  
text:

      A rule is a type of instrument with the capacity to govern the
      game generally.  A rule's content takes the form of a text, and
      is unlimited in scope.  In particular, a rule may define in-game
      entities and regulate their behaviour, make instantaneous changes
      to the state of in-game entities, prescribe or proscribe certain
      player behaviour, modify the rules or the application thereof,
      or do any of these things in a conditional manner.

      Every rule has power between one and four inclusive.  It is not
      possible for a rule to have a power outside this range.

      Every rule shall have a number for identification.  If a rule
      ever does not have an identifying number, the Rulekeepor shall
      assign a number to it by announcement as soon as possible.
      The number assigned must be a natural number greater than any
      number previously assigned to a rule.  Once properly assigned,
      a rule's number cannot be changed.

      Every rule shall have a title to aid in identification.  If a rule
      ever does not have a title, the Rulekeepor shall assign a title
      to it by announcement as soon as possible.

      For the purposes of rules governing modification of instruments,
      the text, power, number, and title of a rule are all substantive
      aspects of the rule.

[Defines the role of rules in the game.  Incorporates the restriction
on the power of rules.  Assignment of numbers and default titles fits
nicely here, not dependent on the particular mechanism for enactment.
Also makes assignment of titles mandatory, and requires the Rulekeepor
to announce assignments.]

Amend the rule titled "Rule Changes" to read:

      Where permitted by other rules, an instrument generally can,
      as part of its effect,

      (a) enact a rule.  The new rule has power equal to the minimum of
          the power specified by the enacting instrument, defaulting
          to one if the enacting instrument does not specify, and the
          maximum power permitted by other rules.  The enacting  
instrument
          may specify a title for the new rule, which if present shall
          prevail.  The number of the new rule cannot be specified by  
the
          enacting instrument; any attempt to so specify is null and  
void.

      (b) repeal a rule.  When a rule is repealed, it ceases to be a  
rule,
          and the Rulekeepor need no longer maintain a record of it.

      (c) amend the text of a rule.

      (d) retitle a rule.

      (e) change the power of a rule.

      A rule change is any effect that falls into the above classes.
      Rule changes always occur sequentially, never simultaneously.

      Any ambiguity in the specification of a rule change causes that
      change to be void and without effect.  A variation in whitespace
      or capitalization in the quotation of an existing rule does not
      constitute ambiguity for the purposes of this rule, but any other
      variation does.

      This rule provides the only mechanism by which rules can be  
created,
      modified, or destroyed, or by which an entity can become a rule
      or cease to be a rule.

[All generalised.  Any instrument can effect a rule change, and the
ambiguity clause applies to all forms of rule change rather than just
amendments.  Power-based restrictions are no longer in this rule; they
are handled by the rule created above.  Now makes explicit the prior
interpretation and game custom that rule changes happen one at a time.]