ID: 4988
Title: Nomic Protectorates (2)
Author: BobTHJ
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

Create a new rule titled "Protectorates" with Power of 2 and the text:
{
Whereas Agora, being the superpower of nomics, has an inherent
responsibility to lead the nomic world; and whereas Agora desires to
encourage growth and promotion of the nomic community, be it hereby known
that Agora shall serve as benevolent protector to any nomic which requests
such status (hereafter referred to as the Protectorate).

In order to become a Protectorate, a nomic must specify in its ruleset that
it submits to Agora as its benevolent protector. It also must allow Agora
unrestricted access to make changes to its ruleset. A player of said nomic
may then cause that nomic to become a Protectorate by announcement to the
public forum. A nomic that no longer meets these requirements ceases to be a
Protectorate.

Agora shall treat a Protectorate in a benevolent fashion, making changes to
that nomic's ruleset only for the purpose of assisting that nomic in its
growth and enabling its longevity. Agora may only make changes to a
Protectorate's ruleset through a Proposal with an Adoption Index of 2 or
more, although this does not prohibit changes made to a Protectorate nomic
by one or more of its players (or closest equivalent) according to the rules
of that Protectorate.
}

Create a new rule titled "Ambassador" with Power of 2 and the text:
{
The Ambassador is an office; Its holder is Agora's liaison to its
Protectorates. The Ambassador's report shall include a listing of
Protectorates as well as a list of recent events related to those
Protectorates. On a minimum of a monthly basis, the Ambassador shall review
each Protectorate to ensure it meets the requirements of a Protectorate.

The Ambassador may act on behalf of Agora for an action that is permitted of
Agora in the Protectorate's ruleset, with the exception of direct changes to
that Protectorate's ruleset as described above. Any Player may, with Agoran
consent, require that the Ambassador act or not act in a specified fashion
in relation to a Protectorate.
}
Upon passage of this Proposal, the holder of the Office of Ambassador shall
be BobTHJ