ID: 4993
Title: Property
Author: BobTHJ
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1

Create a new rule titled "Property" with Power 1 and the text:

{
A Magnate is a type of entity. An entity is not a Magnate unless specified
by the rules. Magnates may own other entities called Properties. All
Properties must be owned by a Magnate. If a Property is ever not owned by a
Magnate, it becomes owned by the Agoran Treasury. The Magnate that owns a
Property has the sole right to use that Property in the manner the rules
allow. No Magnate can use a Property that it does not own.

Properties can not be created or destroyed except as the rules specify.
Specific types of Properties can be either fungible or non-fungible.

All Players are Magnates.
}

Create a new rule titled "Property Transfer" with Power 1 and the text:
{
Whenever a Property or Properties are transferred, the following occur
simultaneously:
* The Property or Properties ceasee to be owned by their current owner
Magnate.
* The Property or Propreties becomee owned by the Magnate identified as
receiving the transfer

Any Magnate can transfer one or more Properties they own to a different
Magnate by making a "Transfer Notice" announcement to the Public Forum,
unless otherwise prohibited. This Transfer Notice must clearly identify the
following information:
* The Magnate who will receive the Property or Properties in question
* Each Property to be transferred as part of this notice
The Property or Properties in question are transferred upon the posting of a
valid Transfer Notice.

If a rule states that a Magnate may pay a specified type and amount of
property, then that Magnate may do so by Transfer Notice, but is not
obligated to.

If a rule states that a Magnate is obliged to pay a specified type and
amount of property, then that Magnate must do so as soon as possible by
Transfer Notice.

If a rule states that a Magnate pays a specified type and amount of
property, then that property is transferred to the designated receiving
Magnate instantly (if possible) upon that requirement taking effect.

Property may only be transferred from one Magnate to a different Magnate.
Property may not be transferred from a Magnate to itself.
}

Create a new rule titled "Secretary of the Treasury" with Power 1 and the
text:
{
There exists an Office titled "Secretary of the Treasury". The holder of
this office is responsible for tracking Properties and Magnates. The
Secretary of the Treasury's report shall include:
* A list of each Magnate and the Properties it owns.
* A summary of all recent events involving the creation, destruction, or
transfer of Property
}

When this Proposal passes, BobTHJ becomes the holder of the Office of
Secretary of the Treasury.

Create a new rule titled "Currency" with Power 1 and the text:
{
Currency is a fungible type of Property. One unit of Currency is known as an
Agoran Dollar. Currency may be referenced using the dollar sign ($).
}

When this Proposal passes, $10,000 shall be created and owned by each
registered Player who is a natural person.