ID: 4994
Title: Department of the Treasury
Author: BobTHJ
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1

Create a rule titled "Department of the Treasury" with Power of 1 and this
text:

{
There shall exist a Magnate known as the Agoran Treasury.

The Tax Levy is a percentage. At the beginning of each week, every Player
pays a percentage of their Currency equal to the Tax Levy to the Agoran
Treasury (rounding down to the nearest Agoran Dollar). This is known as
Paying Taxes and the amount paid is known as the Tax.

The Secretary of the Treasury may change the Tax Levy to a new amount with
Agoran Consent.
}

When this proposal is passed, the Tax Levy is set to 5%, and $10,000 is
created and owned by the Agoran Treasury.

Create a rule titled "Salary for Agoran Officials" with Power of 1 and this
text:

{
Each Office of Agora shall have a Salary amount associated with it. The
Salary is an amount of Currency, and unless otherwise specified is equal to
$500.

At the beginning of each week, after taxes are paid, the Agoran Treasury
pays the holder of each Agoran Office an amount of Currency equal to the
Salary amount of that Office. Salary payments are made in the order that
Offices are defined in the ruleset, when ordered by Rule Number.

The Secretary of the Treasury may change the Salary of an office with Agoran
Consent.
}

Modify rule 1504 "Sentencing Orders" by adding the following point to the
list as item #3, and renumbering all following items:

{
3) An order for the defendant to pay a specified amount of Currency up to
$1000 to the Agoran Treasury
}

Create a rule titled "Bankruptcy" with Power of 1 and this text:

{
If a Magnate other than the Agoran Treasury is unable to pay an amount of a
type of Property that they are required to pay, then that Magnate is said to
be "Bankrupt". Any Magnate (with the exception of the Agoran Treasury) to
whom a Bankrupt Magnate is required to pay Property to is a Creditor. When a
Magnate becomes Bankrupt, it must pay each Creditor the amount and type of
property owed to it as soon as possible. If it does so, it ceases to be
Bankrupt. However, if it fails to do so, the following occurs (in order):
1. All Property owned by Magnate is transferred to the Agoran Treasury.
2. The Agoran Treasury pays to each Creditor one half (rounded down) of the
amount and type of fungible property owed to them, as much as is possible,
and all non-fungible
property owed to them as much as possible. If there are multiple Creditors,
then each shall be paid in random order.
3. The Bankrupt Magnate's Voting Limit on Ordinary Proposals is set to 1.
4. The Bankrupt Magnate ceases to be Bankrupt, and is released from any
current obligation to pay property to a Creditor. However, this does not
prevent the formerly Bankrupt Magnate from being required to pay Property to
another Magnate in the future.

If the Agoran Treasury is ever unable to pay an amount of a type of Property
that it is required to pay to another Magnate, it is released from that
requirement to pay until such a time as it is able to pay the specified
amount and type of Property.
}