ID: 4995
Title: Economy
Author: BobTHJ
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1

Create a rule called "Certification" with Power 1 that reads:

{
A Player who performs one of the following actions without being certified
for that action has er Voting Limit on Ordinary Proposals reduced by two (to
a minimum of 0):
* Submitting a ballot for distributed proposals
* Supporting or opposing a dependent action
* Submitting a proposal for distribution

Players become certified for an action by obtaining a Certificate. A
Certificate is owned by a player, but is not Property and may not be traded
or exchanged. Each Certificate allows a Player to perform one specific type
of action. Each certificate has an expiration date. The holder of a
Certificate may exercise the action specified in the certificate freely
while that Certificate is valid, unless constrained by another rule or
binding agreement. When the expiration date of a Certificate is reached, it
becomes invalid and ceases to exist.

A Player may hold any number of Certificates, and holding a Certificate does
not prevent another Player from holding a Certificate of the same type.
}

Create a rule called "Licenses" with Power 1 that reads:
{
Certain activities that are regulated under Agoran law require a license.
These activities can only be conducted by an Agoran Player who holds a
license for that activity. Any Agoran Player may purchase a License for one
of the activities regulated by this rule by making an announcement to the
Public Forum and paying the cost of that License in Currency to the Agoran
Treasury.

Each License has an Initial Cost to purchase, and in addition each License
requires a monthly Renewal Fee to be paid to the Agoran Treasury. If a
Player wishes to renew a Licence, e may pay the renewal fee to the Agoran
Treasury as soon as possible after the beginning of a new month. If e
doesn't, e loses that License and if e wishes to become re-licensed in that
activity again, e shall have to pay the initial license purchase fee.

The Secretary of the Treasury may change the Initial Cost and/or the Renewal
Fee of any license with Agoran Consent.

A License is owned by a Player, but is not Property and may not be
transferred. A Player may hold as many Licenses as e wishes, and each
License is available to all Agoran Players to purchase, unless otherwise
specified in another rule with power equal to or higher than the power of
this rule.

The following Licenses are available for purchase:

Voter Certification License
A Player holding this license can (by announcement) issue a Voter's
Certificate to any Player. This Certificate must have an expiration date no
further than one week beyond the date of issue. The holder of a Voter's
Certificate is certified to submit ballots on distributed Proposals.

Dependent Action License
A Player holding this License can (by announcement) issue a Supporter's
Certificate or an Objector's Certificate to any Player. This Certificate
must have an expiration date no further than one week beyond the date of
issue. The holder of a Supporter's Certificate may support any dependent
action and the holder of an Objector's Certificate may object to any
dependent action.

Proposer Certification License
A Player holding this License can (by announcement) issue a Proposer's
Certificate to any Player. This Certificate must have an expiration date no
further than one week beyond the date of issue. The holder of a Proposer's
Certificate may submit proposals for distribution.

Contractor's License
A Player holding this License can (by announcement) create one Land as
described in the rule Land Ownership, as long as e has not done so within
the past week.

Digit Farming License
A Player holding this License can (by announcement) "farm" Digit Ranches e
owns, as described in the rule Land Ownership, as long as e has not done so
within the past week.

Equator's License
A Player holding this License can (by announcement) process equations using
eir Equation Factories, as described in the rule Land Ownership.

Demolitions License
A Player holding this License can (by announcement) destroy any one Land
owned by any Player, as long as e has not done so within the past week.

Broker's License
A Player holding this License is known as a Broker. A Player holding this
License can (by announcement) validate a Bill of Sale.
}
The Initial Cost of each License is set to $2,500, and the Renewal Fee for
each License is set to $1,000.

Create a rule called "Digits" with Power 1 that reads:

{
Digits are a type of Property that may be owned by Players. There are ten
types of Digits, represented by the numbers 0 through 9. All Digits of the
same numerical value are fungible.

After an Ordinary Proposal is distributed, but before voting ends, any
Player may destroy digits e controls corresponding to the digits in the
number of that proposal by announcement. This has the effect of increasing
eir Voting Limit on that Proposal by two. This action may be performed
multiple times by the same Player for the same Proposal.

A Player may destroy one digit he controls of each of the ten digit types by
announcement. If e does, e gains 1 VC.

When a Judge issues a judgment on a CFJ, e may (once per CFJ) destroy digits
e controls corresponding to the digits in the number of the CFJ. If e does,
the Agoran Treasury pays em $1000.

As soon as possible after a new rule is added to the ruleset, a Player may
(once per rule) destroy digits e controls corresponding to the digits in the
number of that new rule. If e does, e gains 1 VC.

Digits destroyed to fulfill one of the above requirements are only valid to
fulfill that sole requirement. They may not also be used to fulfill other
requirements of the same or different type.
}

Create a rule called "Land Ownership" with Power 1 that reads:
{
Land is a type of non-fungible Property. A Magnate may name a specific Land
it owns by announcement.

Land may not be transferred voluntarily (unless specifically permitted in
another rule) except by a Bill of Sale. A Bill of Sale is a type of Transfer
Notice that is inherently invalid unless validated by a Broker.

A Digit Ranch is a type of Land. Each Digit Ranch produces a single type of
Digit, determined at the time the Digit Ranch is created by its creator. A
Digit Ranch's digit type may not be changed. When a Magnate owning a Digit
Ranch "farms", one digit of the same type as the Digit ranch is created and
given to that Magnate.

An Equation Factory is a type of Land. An Equation factory consists of a
mathematical equation containing three variables (represented by the capital
letters X, Y, and Z). An Equation Factory's equation is determined at the
time it is created and it may not be changed. At any time, the owner of an
Equation Factory, if e holds an Equator's License, may use any three digits
e owns to 'Process Equations' by announcement:
1. E substitutes those digits into the equation in place of the Variables.
2. E solves the equation to obtain a result between 0 and 99 inclusive.
3. The original digits are destroyed and e receives two newly created
digits, one for each digit in the resulting number (adding a leading zero if
needed to obtain a two digit number)
If, when solved, an equation produces a number that is not in the range of 0
to 99 that Equation Factory is destroyed.
}

Create a rule titled "Auctions" with Power of 1 and this text:
{
A Magnate may declare one or more amounts and types of Property it owns
(except for Currency) as "Up for Auction" by announcement. The Property or
Properties declared up for auction are collectively known as the Lot. The
Magnate putting the Lot up for auction is known as the Seller. The Magnate
must designate a Broker, that Broker is known as the Auctioneer.

Any Magnate except the Seller may make a Bid on a Lot by announcement. A Bid
must include a specific amount of Currency that is less than or equal to the
amount of Currency that Magnate owns.

The Auctioneer may declare the auction closed at any time by announcement.
When e does e may optionally select a winning bid from among those bids
received on that Lot. If e does, then the Magnate that made that bid pays
the amount of Currency specified in that Bid to the Seller, and the Seller
pays the Lot to the Magnate who made the winning Bid.

The Secretary of the Treasury may act on behalf of the Agoran Treasury to
designate any Property or Properties owned by the Agoran Treasury as Up for
Auction, and may specify a Broker to serve as Auctioneer for that auction.

If an Auctioneer has not selected a winning bid after one week, that auction
is closed without a winning bid.
}

Create a rule titled "Welfare" with Power of 1 and this text:
{
The Unemployment Stipend is an amount of Currency.

At the beginning of each week, after Officer salaries are paid, the Agoran
Treasury pays an amount equal to the Unemployment Stipend to each Magnate
that meets the following conditions:
1. The Magnate is a natural person.
2. The Magnate possesses no Licenses
3. The Magnate owns no Land

The Secretary of the Treasury may change the Unemployment Stipend to a new
amount with Agoran Consent.
}
The Unemployment Stipend is set to $200.