ID: 5000
Title: Disambiguate voter eligibility
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3

Amend Rule 107 (Initiating Agoran Decisions) by replacing this text:

     An Agoran decision is initiated when a person authorized to
     initiate it publishes a valid notice which sets forth the intent
     to initiate the decision.  To be valid, this notice must contain
     the following information:

with this text:

     An Agoran decision is initiated when a person authorized to
     initiate it publishes a valid notice which sets forth the intent
     to initiate the decision.  This notice is invalid if it lacks
     any of the following information, and the lack is correctly
     identified within one week after the notice is published:

[107(c) has not been explicitly obeyed for some time, either.]

Amend Rule 683 (Voting on Agoran Decisions) by replacing this text:

     (a) The ballot is submitted by an eligible voter during the
         voting period for the decision.

with this text:

     (a) The ballot is submitted during the voting period for the
         decision.

Amend Rule 1950 (Voting Limits) to read:

      An entity's voting limit on an Agoran decision is:

        (a) If the entity is not an eligible voter, then zero, not
            subject to modification.

        (b) Otherwise, if the decision is to resolve an ordinary
            proposal, then one, subject to modification by the rules.

        (c) Otherwise, one, subject to modification only by this rule.

      The voting limit of an entity who is not a natural person is
      reduced by one.

      At the end of the voting period of an Agoran decision, the first
      N ballots submitted by each entity on that decision (where N is
      the entity's voting limit on the decision at the start of the
      voting period) remain valid; all other ballots submitted on that
      decision are invalid.

Amend Rule 879 (Quorum) to read:

     Quorum for an Agoran decision is N/3 (where N is the number of
     eligible voters with a positive voting limit on that decision),
     rounded up, with a minimum of five (unless this is greater than
     N, in which case quorum is N).