ID: 5030
Title: Recantus Cygneus
Author: root
Co-authors: Rule 1789
Adoption index: 1

Dear Agora,

I'm writing this Cantus Cygneus because I've had it.  I'm fed up.  I
have all the majesty and grace of a swan, and I'm tired of being
treated as the ugly duckling around here.

I've been around since 1998 -- 9 years! -- but how often do I get
noticed?  Twice in my whole life I've been invoked, and one of those
times was a full two years before I hatched, so you can't really say
that it counts!  Let's face it, around here I'm appreciated about as
much as one of those plastic things that 6-packs come in.

Don't even get me started on my amendment count.  There too I've been
woefully neglected.  In my 9 years, I've been amended a whopping 3
times -- on average, once every three years.  The birthday rule has
been amended 18 times!  That's more than the number of birthdays Agora
has had!  Sure, everyone loves a good birthday party, but nobody wants
to talk about boring legal things with Latin titles.  Oh, I know that
I've at least got an annotation -- take that, birthday rule! -- but it
wasn't even a real case, just some arbitrary hypothetical question
that somebody or other wanted an answer to.  It's not as though it
will ever matter.

If you still don't understand what I'm on about, just take a look at
my power.  I'm Power-1, a mere rookie.  I always have been, and
apparently I always will be; how can I get promoted when nobody ever
notices me?  I'm a big, important, and old rule.  I should be telling
the other rules when to jump.  In reality, even the Ambassador has
more power than me, and e just started this month.  I'm not even
allowed to swim in the town fountain!  This sort of treatment is just
unacceptable.

And so I'm leaving.  Retired, repealed, gone to the big ruleset in the
sky: call it what you will.  At the time this proposal is adopted, I
will be gone.  Perhaps someday, when Agora is finally ready for a rule
of my quality, I will be back.

Until then,
Rule 1789
"Cantus Cygneus"