ID: 5040
Title: separate Civil CFJ procedure
Author: Zefram
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1

Amend rule 1742 by replacing the text

      A CFJ that alleges that a specific person (the Defendant) has
      broken an agreement is a Civil CFJ, for which the Caller is the
      Plaintiff.  A CFJ that is not a Civil CFJ is a General CFJ.

with

      A CFJ that alleges that a specific person (the defendant) has
      broken an agreement is a Civil CFJ, for which the caller is the
      plaintiff.

      The defendant of a Civil CFJ is automatically barred from
      judging it.  The plaintiff may bar one other player when e
      submits the CFJ, but is not otherwise at that time permitted or
      able to bar any players from judging the CFJ, any rule to the
      contrary notwithstanding.  The defendant may bar one other
      player from judging, any time before the CFJ is assigned to a
      judge.

      Any evidence or arguments, published or submitted to the CotC by
      the defendant of a Civil CFJ with the clear intent of being part
      of a defense, any time before the CFJ is assigned to a judge,
      will become part of the material of that CFJ.

      When a Civil CFJ is submitted, the Clerk of the Courts shall as
      soon as possible send a copy of the CFJ to the defendant and
      inform the defendant that e has one week to publish a defense
      and/or bar a Player from judging. The CotC is prohibited from
      assigning a Trial Judge to a Civil CFJ until one week has passed
      since e notified the defendant of this, and is not obliged to
      assign a Trial Judge during this time, any rule to the contrary
      notwithstanding.  Starting from one week after the CotC has
      notified the defendant, the CotC is obliged to assign a Trial
      Judge as soon as possible, and this assignment shall in all
      other respects be governed by the usual rules for assignment of
      judges.

Amend rule 897 by deleting the text

      When a Civil CFJ is submitted, the Clerk of the Courts shall
      publish the text of the CFJ and send a copy of the CFJ to the
      Defendant's registered e-mail address, if any, and inform the
      Defendant that e has one week to publish a defense and/or bar a
      Player from judging as described below.

      The CotC will not assign a Civil CFJ to a judge until one week
      has passed since after a publication.  During this time, any
      evidence or arguments, published or submitted to the CotC by the
      Defendant with the clear intent of being part of a defense, will
      become part of the material of that CFJ.

and deleting the text

      The defendant of a Civil CFJ is automatically barred from judging
      it. The Plaintiff may bar one other Player when e submits the CFJ.
      The Defendant may bar one other Player from judging any time before
      the CFJ is assigned to a judge.

and replacing the text

      When submitting a general CFJ, the Caller may Bar up to three
      Players from Judging that CFJ.

with

      When submitting a CFJ, the caller may bar up to three players
      from judging that CFJ.

Retitle rule 897 to "Barring Players from Judgement".

Amend rule 1868 by deleting the paragraph

      Other rules may explicitly delay the timing requirement of
      making assignments, for example with respect to providing the
      Defendant with response time in a Civil CFJ.

[This moves all of the Civil CFJ procedure out of the rules governing
ordinary CFJs.  It can then all be segregated into the "Contract Law"
category.  The term "general CFJ" is abolished, as it is not really
useful.  Incidentally, all that's left in rule 897 (if proposal 5015
passed first) is barring, which is all that was in that rule
originally.]