ID: 5057
Title: Clarify Final Judgement upon Appeal
Author: root
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1

Amend Rule 1447 by replacing the text reading:

     When a Judgement is overturned:

       a) If a majority of the Appellate Judges Judge REVERSE, then the
          CFJ shall be treated as if it were Judged normally, with the
          Judgement being that which a majority of the Appellate Judges
          agree on.

       b) If a majority of the Appellate Judges Judge REASSIGN, then the
          original Judgement is ignored, the original Judge is recused,
          and the Clerk of the Courts shall reassign the CFJ to a new
          Judge in the same fashion as it was originally assigned.
          The new Judge cannot make the same Judgement as the original
          Judge for the same reason.

       c) If a majority of the Appellate Judges Judge REMAND, then
          the original Judgement shall be ignored, and the Clerk of
          the Courts shall reassign the CFJ to the original Judge as
          if it were being originally assigned. The Judge may not make
          the same Judgement for the same reason.

       d) If none of the above is true, then the CFJ shall be
          reassigned as described above.

     As soon as possible after all members of a Board of Appeals have
     submitted eir Judgement, the Clerk of the Courts shall announce
     that this has happened.

with:

     When a Judgement is overturned:

       a) If a majority of the Appellate Judges Judge REVERSE, then the
          CFJ shall be treated as if it were Judged normally, with the
          Judgement being that which a majority of the Appellate Judges
          agree on.

       b) If a majority of the Appellate Judges Judge REMAND, then
          the original Judgement shall be ignored, and the Clerk of
          the Courts shall reassign the CFJ to the original Judge as
          if it were being originally assigned. The Judge may not make
          the same Judgement for the same reason.

       c) Otherwise, the original Judgement is ignored, the original
          Judge is recused, and the Clerk of the Courts shall reassign
          the CFJ to a new Judge in the same fashion as it was
          originally assigned. The new Judge cannot make the same
          Judgement as the original Judge for the same reason.

     A Board of Appeals is not considered to have returned a Judgement
     until all of its members have submitted eir Judgements.  As soon
     as possible after this happened, the Clerk of the Courts shall
     announce the Board's decision.