ID: 5059
Title: simple elections for office
Author: Zefram
Co-authors: Goethe
Adoption index: 2

Goethe, having written the entire text that follows, is a coauthor of
this proposal.

Amend Rule 1006 (Offices) to read:

      The Rules may designate positions to be offices.  No office may
      be held by more than one player.  Each office that would
      otherwise not be held by any player shall be held by the
      Speaker, unless it is not possible for the Speaker to hold that
      office.

      The holder of an office may be referred to by the name of the
      office.

      If the duty of an office is to maintain certain information, then
      the officer shall publish that information at least once a month,
      or as soon as possible after a substantial change occurs in the
      information or the officer receives a request for the information.
      A weekly report shall be sufficient to satisfy these last two
      requirements.

      If an Officer or the Speaker fails to satisfy a Timing Order to
      perform a certain official duty, than the player who executed the
      order may perform the duty as if e were the officer.

Create the following Rule entitled "Replacing Officers", Power 2:

      Any Player may make an active Player (hereafter the nominee) the
      holder of an office, thus removing any previous holder from the
      office, with Agoran Consent, provided:
      (a) that office has not changed hands with this method in the
          previous 30 days, and
      (b) the potential officer consents to hold the office after the
          announcement of intent is made.

      If intent to achieve consent for a nominee is announced as above,
      then any other active player may be nominated for the position with
      eir own consent by announcement, during the minimum waiting period
      between intent and action defined for Agoran Consent.

      If, at the end of this period, there is more than one consenting
      nominee, then the attempt to achieve Agoran Consent fails, and
      the IADoP shall initiate an Agoran Decision to determine the new
      office holder, meanwhile no further attempt to achieve Agoran Consent
      for the change shall be valid.  The valid options for the decision
      are the nominees, quorum is a minimum of three and the number of active
      players, eligible voters are the active players, and the vote collector
      is the IADoP.  In the notice resolving the decision, the IADoP
      will select one nominee from the set of nominees which each received
      the largest number of  votes; this chosen nominee becomes the
      officeholder upon the posting of the valid notice.

      If no attempt to achieve Agoran Consent for changing the holder
      of a particular office is announced in a given quarter, then the
      IADoP shall make at least one such attempt to change the
      officeholder in the following quarter, and make the change if
      consent is achieved.  This requirement is waived if another
      player changes the officeholder in this way during the following
      quarter.