ID: 5061
Title: explicate personhood
Author: Zefram
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

Change the power of rule 2145 to 2.

Amend rule 2145 to read

      A binding agreement governed by the rules which devolves its
      legal obligations onto a subset of its parties, numbering at
      least two, collectively, is a partnership.  The members of a
      partnership are those parties onto whom the partnership's legal
      obligations are collectively devolved.  A partnership's identity
      and partnershiphood are not disrupted by changes to its
      membership provided that it continues to meet the definition of
      a partnership.

      A partnership's basis is the set consisting of the union of the
      set of its non-partnership members with the bases of each of its
      partnership members.  Where circularity occurs in this
      definition, it is resolved by using the minimum basis sets that
      provide consistency.

      A partnership whose basis contains at least two persons is a
      person.

[Explicate how a partnership qualifies as a person.  Incorporate (in
clarified form) the definition of "basis" from rule 2144, because it
fits nicely here and is useful in restricting which partnerships
qualify as persons.]

Amend rule 2144 by deleting the paragraph which begins "A
partnership's basis".

["Basis" is now defined in rule 2145.  Rule 2144 is left with only
regulation, not definition.]

Amend rule 2150 by inserting at the beginning the paragraphs

      A person is an entity that has the general capacity to be the
      subject of rights and obligations under the rules.  An entity is
      a person if and only if it is defined to be so by rules with
      power 2 or greater.

      Any biological organism that is capable of communicating by
      email in English is a person.

[Explicit definition of natural personhood.  Close the door on
judicial arguments for novel types of personhood: it's a matter for
legislation, now, not jurisprudence.  Power restriction puts this
rather important matter out of reach of the easier scams and likely
accidents.]