ID: 5076
Title: Three-Tone Economics
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3

Change the Power of Rule 2126 (Voting Credits) to 2, and amend it
to read:

      Voting Credits (VCs) are a measure of each player's ability to
      affect voting limits on ordinary proposals.  VCs CANNOT be
      affected except as described in this rule.

      When a player registers or deregisters, e loses all eir VCs.

      When one or more players win the game, each player's voting
      limit on ordinary proposals is reset to its default value.

      Each VC has a color (Gray if not otherwise specified).  If a
      player loses a color of VC that e does not possess, then e loses
      a VC of eir Party's color instead; if e has no VCs at all, then
      the loss is waived (you can't get blood from a turnip).

      VCs may be gained as follows:

        a) When an ordinary interested proposal is adopted, its
           proposer gains Red VCs equal to the integer portion of
           the proposal's adoption index (unless e gained VCs in
           this way earlier in the same week), and each co-author
           of the proposal gains one Red VC (unless e gained VCs
           in this way earlier in the same week).

        b) At the end of each month, for each office, the player (if
           any) who held that office for the majority of that month
           gains two Green VCs, unless the Speaker publicly announces
           within a week after the end of the month that the officer
           performed eir duties poorly or not at all.

        c) A player who submits a judgement during eir Deliberation
           Period gains one Blue VC.

      VCs may be lost as follows:

        a) When a proposal's voting index is less than half its
           adoption index, its proposer loses one Red VC.

        b) When an officer forfeits eir salary due to announcement by
           the Speaker, e loses one Green VC.

        c) A player whose judgement is overturned, or who is recused
           for failing to judge within eir Deliberation Period, loses
           one Blue VC.

      VCs may be spent as follows, by announcement (INVALID unless
      the color is specified).  All changes to voting limits are applied
      at the end of the week, in the order the VCs were spent, after
      which any fractional voting limits are rounded to the nearest
      integer (nearest odd integer if the fractional part is 0.5).

        a) A player may spend two VCs of different colors to increase
           another player's voting limit on ordinary proposals by one.

        b) A player may spend three VCs of different colors to increase
           eir own voting limit on ordinary proposals by one.

        c) A player may spend two VCs of different colors to decrease
           another player's voting limit on ordinary proposals by one
           (to a minimum of zero).

        d) A player may spend three VCs of different colors to decrease
           another player's voting limit on ordinary proposals by ten
           percent.

Create a rule titled "Parties" with this text:

      Each player's Party is the color of VC that e possesses the
      most of.  Ties are broken in favor of the color that comes
      first in alphabetical order.

Repeal Rule 2128 (Winning).

Amend Rule 2136 (Contests) to read:

      Points are a measure of a player's contentiousness.  The number
      of points possessed by a player is eir score.

      When a player registers or deregisters, eir score becomes zero.

      A contest is an agreement that identifies itself as such, and
      identifies exactly one party as its contestmaster; all other
      parties are its contestants.

      The Scorekeepor is an office; its holder is responsible for
      keeping track of scores and contests.  The Scorekeepor's report
      includes each player's score.

      A contestmaster may award a total of up to 10 points per week
      to one or more contestants as permitted by the contest, unless
      e was contestmaster of a different contest for at least 3 days
      of the previous week.

      A player with 100 or more points may win the game by announcing
      this fact.  Upon such an announcement, each player's score is
      set to zero.

If Proposal 5065 (integer scores) was adopted, then amend Rule 2136
by appending this text after the first paragraph:

      Each player's score is an integer.  Points can only be awarded
      in integer amounts.

Otherwise, if Proposal 5064 (rational scores) was adopted, then amend
Rule 2136 by appending this text after the first paragraph:

      Each player's score is a rational number.  Points can only be
      awarded in rational amounts.

Otherwise, if Proposal 5063 (algebraic scores) was adopted, then amend
Rule 2136 by appending this text after the first paragraph:

      Each player's score is an algebraic number.  Points can only be
      awarded in algebraic amounts.

Otherwise, if Proposal 5062 (real scores) was adopted, then amend Rule
2136 by appending this text after the first paragraph:

      Each player's score is a real number.  Points can only be awarded
      in real amounts.