ID: 5077
Title: MMI in practice
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

Amend Rule 1586 (Definition and Continuity of Entities) to read:

      Two Rule-defined entities CANNOT have the same name or
      nickname.

      If the Rules defining an entity are repealed or amended
      such that they no longer define that entity, then that
      entity and its properties cease to exist.

      If the Rules defining an entity are amended such that they
      still define that entity but with different properties,
      then that entity and its properties continue to exist to
      whatever extent is possible under the new definitions.

[Would-be violations of the first paragraph are presumably treated
as rule conflicts, and resolved accordingly.]

Amend Rule 1023 (Common Definitions) by replacing each instance of
"shall mean" with "means".

Amend Rule 1769 (Holidays) by replacing this text:

      During a Holiday, no Proposal may be distributed by the
      Promotor, nor may any Call for Judgement, Judgement, notice of
      Appeal, Decision of Appeals Boards, or Opinion be published by
      the Clerk of the Courts; however, if any of the above do take
      place during the Holiday in violation of this Rule, this Rule
      does not deprive them of their usual effects.

with this text:

      During a Holiday, the Promotor SHALL NOT distribute any
      proposals, and the Clerk of the Courts SHALL NOT publish any
      Call for Judgement, Judgement, notice of Appeal, Decision of
      Appeals Boards, or Opinion.

Amend Rule 1607 (The Promotor) to read:

      The Promotor is an office; its holder is responsible for
      receiving and distributing proposals.

      The Promotor MAY distribute a proposal in the Proposal Pool at
      any time.  During each week, the Promotor SHALL distribute each
      proposal that has been in the Proposal Pool since the beginning
      of that week.

      The Promotor distributes a proposal by publishing it with the
      clear intent of distributing it.  When a proposal is distributed,
      it is removed from the Proposal Pool.  The distribution of a
      proposal initiates the Agoran decision of whether to adopt the
      proposal, as described elsewhere.

      When distributing a proposal, the Promotor SHALL specify the
      following:

        a) Its author (and co-authors, if any).
        b) Its adoption index.
        c) Whether it is ordinary or democratic.
        d) Whether it is interested or disinterested.

Amend Rule 1810 (Satisfying Orders) by replacing this text:

      Willfully performing contrary to valid orders, either through
      action or inaction, is a violation of this Rule.

with this text:

      A player SHALL NOT willfully perform contrary to a valid
      unsatisfied order, either through action or inaction.