ID: 5078
Title: refactor voting limits
Author: Zefram
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3

Amend rule 683 by inserting immediately after the itemised list the
paragraph

      Among the otherwise-valid votes on an Agoran decision, only the
      first N submitted by each entity are valid, where N is the
      entity's voting limit on that decision.  The voting limit of an
      entity that is not an eligible voter on an Agoran decision is
      zero.  The voting limit of an eligible voter on an Agoran
      decision is one, except where rules say otherwise.

[The basic voting limit mechanism may as well merge into the other
rule on vote validity.  Default voting limit governs Agoran decisions
that don't specify otherwise.  There's nothing specific to proposals
here.]

Retitle rule 1950 to "Voting on Democratic Proposals" and amend it to
read

      The eligible voters on a democratic proposal are those entities
      that were active first-class players at the start of its voting
      period.  The voting limit of each eligible voter on a democratic
      proposal is one.

[VLDP needs to remain at power=3.  VLOP is defined below.]

Enact a power=2 rule titled "Voting on Ordinary Proposals" with text

      Each player has a parameter known as eir base voting limit on
      ordinary proposals (BVLOP).  The BVLOP of a first-class player
      is one, and the BVLOP of any other player is zero.  BVLOP cannot
      be modified.

      Each player has a parameter known as eir volatile voting limit
      on ordinary proposals (VVLOP).  Whenever a player is registered,
      eir VVLOP is set to eir BVLOP.  VVLOP can be modified by the
      action of an instrument with power greater than or equal to the
      power of this rule, but not by any other means.

      Each player has a parameter known as eir effective voting limit
      on ordinary proposals (EVLOP).  Whenever a player is registered,
      eir EVLOP is set to eir BVLOP.  At the end of each week, each
      player's EVLOP is set to eir VVLOP, rounded to an integer,
      breaking ties towards odd integers, and eir VVLOP is set to the
      same rounded value.  EVLOP cannot be modified by any other
      means.  The assessor's report includes each player's EVLOP.

      The eligible voters on an ordinary proposal are those entities
      that were active players at the start of its voting period.  The
      voting limit of an eligible voter on an ordinary proposal is eir
      EVLOP at the start of its voting period.

[These provisions, defining the VLOP mechanism, are deliberately at
lower power than before, just out of reach of ordinary proposals.
This is why this rule needs to be separate from "Voting on Democratic
Proposals".]

[VVLOP is what we currently implicitly track as what R2126 is going to
set VLOP to at the end of the week.  Making it explicit makes
everything clearer.  EVLOP is the current VLOP.  BVLOP is the default
VLOP, without any "reduced by one" confusion.]

[In the absence of chamber changes, voter eligibility and voting
limits are determined at the start of the voting period and do not
change thereafter.  If a proposal changes from ordinary to democratic,
its voter eligibility and voting limits are determined as of the start
of the voting period, as if it had been democratic all along.]

Amend rule 106 by deleting the text "and by default, the eligible
voters are the active players,".

[Eligibility is now set explicitly in the two rules for separate
chambers.  We don't want to allow overriding by lower-power rules.]

If the recent proposal "Three-Tone Economics" was not adopted, amend
rule 2126 by replacing the text

      When one or more players win the game, all players' voting
      limits on ordinary proposals are reset to one, subject to
      modification by other rules.

      When a player joins Agora, eir VCs are set to zero and eir
      voting limit on ordinary proposals is set to one.

with

      When a player is registered, e initially has zero VCs.

      The assessor's report includes the number of VCs possessed by
      each player.

      When one or more players win the game, each player's VVLOP is
      set to eir BVLOP.

and replacing the text

      A player may expend two VCs to increase eir own voting limit on
      ordinary proposals by one.

      A player may expend one VC to increase any other player's voting
      limit on ordinary proposals by one.

      A player may expend two VCs to decrease any other player's
      voting limit on ordinary proposals by one, down to a minimum
      voting limit of zero.  Attempts to decrease a player's voting
      limit on ordinary proposals below this minimum fail.

with

      A player may expend two VCs to increase eir own VVLOP by one.  A
      player may expend one VC to increase any other player's VVLOP by
      one.  A player may expend two VCs to decrease any other player's
      VVLOP by one, down to a minimum VVLOP of zero.

and deleting the text

      Changes to voting limits under this rule take effect at the
      beginning of the next week.

If the recent proposal "Three-Tone Economics" was adopted, amend rule
2126 by replacing the text

      When one or more players win the game, each player's voting
      limit on ordinary proposals is reset to its default value.

with

      The assessor's report includes the number of VCs of each color
      possessed by each player.

      When one or more players win the game, each player's VVLOP is
      set to eir BVLOP.

and replacing the text

      VCs may be spent as follows, by announcement (INVALID unless
      the color is specified).  All changes to voting limits are applied
      at the end of the week, in the order the VCs were spent, after
      which any fractional voting limits are rounded to the nearest
      integer (nearest odd integer if the fractional part is 0.5).

        a) A player may spend two VCs of different colors to increase
           another player's voting limit on ordinary proposals by one.

        b) A player may spend three VCs of different colors to increase
           eir own voting limit on ordinary proposals by one.

        c) A player may spend two VCs of different colors to decrease
           another player's voting limit on ordinary proposals by one
           (to a minimum of zero).

        d) A player may spend three VCs of different colors to decrease
           another player's voting limit on ordinary proposals by ten
           percent.

with

      VCs may be spent as follows, by announcement (INVALID unless
      the color is specified):

        a) A player may spend two VCs of different colors to increase
           another player's VVLOP by one.

        b) A player may spend three VCs of different colors to increase
           eir own VVLOP by one.

        c) A player may spend two VCs of different colors to decrease
           another player's VVLOP by one (to a minimum of zero).

        d) A player may spend three VCs of different colors to decrease
           another player's VVLOP by ten percent.

[Now affects VVLOP instantaneously, rather than VLOP in delayed
fashion.  Two radically different versions of this amendment, because
"Three-Tone Economics" proposes to completely restructure this rule.]

Amend rule 2137 by deleting the text

      The Assessor's report shall include the following:

      a) Each player's voting limit on ordinary proposals.
      b) Each player's voting credits.

[Reporting requirements moved into specific rules above.]

Immediately after the above amendments have occurred, the EVLOP of
each player is set to exactly what eir VLOP was immediately before the
amendments occurred, and the VVLOP of each player is set to what eir
VLOP was plus whatever modifications were due to have been made by
rule 2126 at the next end of week.

[Continuity.  Would be tricky to determine what rule 1586 would do
without the explicit clause.]