ID: 5086
Title: judicial reform
Author: Zefram
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

Whereas Agora has since 1996 laboured under an unnecessarily complex,
unclear, poorly-specified, bug-ridden judicial system, and wishes to
replace this with a system designed in the light of the greater
understanding of nomic that has been achieved in the past ten years,
taking advantage of the innovations made in the Agoran ruleset, and
conforming to the present taste for a shorter ruleset with simpler
mechanisms, it is the will of Agora that the judicial system set out
below be adopted.

[--------------------------]
[Part I: new judicial rules]
[--------------------------]

Retitle rule 991 to "Judicial Cases Generally", leave its power
unchanged at 2, and amend it to read

      A judicial case, also known as a call for judgement (CFJ), is a
      procedure to settle a matter of controversy.  There are
      subclasses of judicial case with particular features defined by
      other rules.  Subclasses of judicial case exist only as defined
      by the rules.

      The Clerk of the Courts (CotC) is an office, responsible for
      managing judicial activity.  The CotC's report includes the
      status of all judicial cases that either require a judge or have
      at least one applicable judicial question that has no judgement.

Retitle rule 1868 to "Judge Assignment Generally", change its power to
2, and amend it to read

      At any time, a judicial case either has no judge assigned to it
      (default) or has exactly one entity assigned to it as judge;
      this is a persistent status that changes only according to the
      rules.  To recuse a judge from a case means to deassign em as
      judge.  To assign a judge to a case implicitly recuses any
      existing judge.

      At any time, a judicial case either does not require a judge
      (default) or requires a judge; this is not a persistent status,
      but is evaluated instantaneously.

      When a judicial case requires a judge and has no judge assigned,
      the CotC CAN assign a qualified entity to be its judge by
      announcement.  Whenever this situation arises the CotC SHALL
      make such an assignment as soon as possible.

      Except where modified by other rules, the entities qualified to
      be assigned as judge of a judicial case are the active
      first-class players.  Being unqualified to be assigned as a
      judge does not inherently prevent an entity from continuing to
      be judge if already assigned.

Leave rule 1871's title unchanged at "The Standing Court", change its
power to 1.5, and amend it to read

      Each player is either standing, sitting, or supine; this status
      is known as eir posture.  The CotC's report includes each
      player's posture.  When an entity becomes a player, e is
      initially supine.  A player CAN change emself from sitting to
      supine, or from supine to sitting, by announcement.

      A supine player is unqualified to be assigned as judge of any
      judicial case.  The CotC SHALL NOT assign a sitting player to be
      the judge of any judicial case.  If the CotC has assigned a
      sitting player as judge, and that player is still the judge of
      that case, the CotC CAN recuse that judge from that case by
      announcement.

      When the CotC assigns a standing player as judge of a judicial
      case, the player becomes sitting, except in the situation
      discussed in the next sentence.  If the CotC assigns a standing
      player as judge of more than one judicial case consecutively in
      the same announcement, and states in the announcement that these
      are linked assignments, the player becomes sitting upon the last
      of these assignments, but not any of the earlier ones.  The CotC
      SHOULD NOT perform linked assignments unless the cases being
      linked are closely related in their subject matter.

      The CotC CAN change all sitting players to standing by
      announcement.  The CotC SHALL NOT do this unless there is a
      judicial case to which e is obliged to assign a judge, all
      entities qualified to be so assigned are sitting players, and e
      immediately afterwards (in the same announcement) assigns a
      judge to that case.

Enact a rule with title "Judicial Panels", power 1.7, and text

      A judicial panel is a structure whereby a group of two or more
      persons (its members) act together for the purpose of judging
      judicial cases.  A judicial panel's membership cannot change,
      and if two panels have the same membership then they are the
      same panel.  Judicial panels exist implicitly, without any
      specific act of formation.

      A judicial panel CAN send messages by means of any of its
      members sending a message identified as being from the panel,
      with the unanimous agreement of the panel's members.  By this
      mechanism a judicial panel can act, in situations where the
      rules state that an action is performed by sending a message.  A
      judicial panel can incur obligations.  The members of a panel
      SHALL act collectively to ensure that the panel satisfies all of
      its obligations.

Enact a rule with title "Judicial Questions", power 2, and text

      Within a judicial case, one or more judicial questions may
      arise.  Each judicial question is either inapplicable (default)
      or applicable; this is not a persistent status but is evaluated
      instantaneously.  Each judicial question either is open
      (default), suspended, or has a particular judgement; this is a
      persistent status that changes only according to the rules.  The
      possible types of judgement for a judicial question vary
      according to the type of question.

      When a judicial case has an applicable open judicial question,
      it requires a judge, and its judge CAN assign a valid judgement
      to that question by announcement.  Whenever there is a judge
      assigned to a judicial case with an applicable open question,
      the judge SHALL assign such a judgement to the question as soon
      as possible.

      Whenever a judicial case has a judicial question that has
      remained applicable and open, while the same judge has been
      assigned to the case, continuously for the past week, the CotC
      CAN recuse that judge by announcement.  Whenever a judicial case
      has a judicial question that has remained applicable and open,
      while the same judge has been assigned to the case, continuously
      for the past two weeks, the CotC SHALL so recuse the judge as
      soon as possible.

      Among the possible judgements of a judicial question, some
      subset of them are appropriate.  Judgements are appropriate only
      where so defined by the rules.  A judge SHALL NOT assign an
      inappropriate judgement.  Where more than one appropriate
      judgement is available, the choice between them is at the
      judge's discretion.

Retitle rule 591 to "Inquiry Cases", change its power to 1.7, and
amend it to read

      There is a subclass of judicial case known as an inquiry case.
      An inquiry case's purpose is to determine the veracity of a
      particular statement.  An inquiry case CAN be initiated by any
      person, by announcement which includes the statement to be
      inquired into.

      The initiator is unqualified to be assigned as judge of the
      case, and in the initiating announcement e CAN disqualify one
      person from assignment as judge of the case.

      An inquiry case has a judicial question on veracity, which is
      always applicable.  The valid judgements for this question are:

      * FALSE, appropriate if the statement was factually and
        logically false at the time the inquiry case was initiated

      * TRUE, appropriate if the statement was factually and logically
        true at the time the inquiry case was initiated

      * UNDECIDABLE, appropriate if the statement was logically
        undecidable, nonsensical, too vague, or otherwise not capable
        of being accurately described as either false or true, at the
        time the inquiry case was initiated

      * IRRELEVANT, appropriate if the veracity of the statement at
        the time the inquiry case was initiated is not relevant to the
        game

      * UNDETERMINED, appropriate if the information available to the
        judge is insufficient to determine which of the FALSE, TRUE,
        and UNDECIDABLE judgements is appropriate; however,
        uncertainty as to how to interpret or apply the rules cannot
        constitute insufficiency of information for this purpose

      The judgement of the question in an inquiry case SHOULD guide
      future play, including future judgements, but does not directly
      affect the veracity of the statement.  The rulekeepor is
      ENCOURAGED to annotate rules to draw attention to relevant
      inquiry case judgements.

Retitle rule 1504 to "Criminal Cases", change its power to 1.7, and
amend it to read

      There is a subclass of judicial case known as a criminal case.
      A criminal case's purpose is to determine the culpability of a
      particular person, known as the defendant, for an alleged breach
      of the rules, and to punish the guilty.  A criminal case CAN be
      initiated by any player, by announcement which clearly
      identifies the defendant and specifies the action (which may be
      a failure to perform another action) by which the defendant
      allegedly breached the rules.

      The initiation of a criminal case begins its pre-trial phase.
      During the pre-trial phase, the case requires a judge.  In the
      pre-trial phase the judge SHALL as soon as possible inform the
      defendant of the case and invite em to rebut the argument for
      eir guilt.  The pre-trial phase ends one week after the
      defendant has been so informed.

      The initiator and defendant are each unqualified to be assigned
      as judge of the case.  During the pre-trial phase, the defendant
      CAN disqualify one person from assignment as judge of the case,
      by announcement.  If e disqualifies the judge, then the judge is
      recused.

      A criminal case has a judicial question on culpability, which is
      applicable at all times following the pre-trial phase.  The
      valid judgements for this question are:

      * ALREADY TRIED, appropriate if judgement has already been
        reached in another criminal case with the same defendant and
        substantially the same alleged act

      * UNIMPUGNED, appropriate if the alleged act was not proscribed
        by the rules at the time it allegedly occurred

      * INNOCENT, appropriate if the defendant did not perform the
        alleged act

      * SLIPPERY, appropriate if the information available to the
        judge is insufficient to determine beyond a reasonable doubt
        whether or not the defendant performed the alleged act

      * EXCUSED, appropriate if the defendant has good reason why e
        could not avoid breaching the rules in a manner at least as
        serious as alleged

      * GUILTY, appropriate if none of the above judgements is
        appropriate

      A criminal case has a judicial question on sentencing, which is
      applicable if the question on culpability is applicable and has
      a judgement of GUILTY.  If a criminal case has an applicable
      question on sentencing which has a judgement, the defendant is
      hereafter known as the ninny, the judgement in the question on
      sentencing is known as the sentence, and the sentence is in
      effect.

      Some types of sentence include a duration known as the tariff.
      When a sentence with a tariff is in effect, the sentence is
      thereafter either active or not.  The sentence is inactive for
      the first week after it first takes effect.  Thereafter, the
      sentence is active if and only if it is still in effect and
      sentences of the same type on the same question on sentencing
      have been active for a total duration less than the tariff.  The
      CotC's report includes the status of all active judgements.

      The valid sentences are:

      * DISCHARGE, appropriate only in extraordinary circumstances, if
        any available non-null punishment would be manifestly unjust.
        Has no effect.

      * APOLOGY with a set of up to ten words (the prescribed words),
        appropriate for rule breaches of small consequence.  When in
        effect, the ninny SHALL within 72 hours publish a formal
        apology of at least 200 words, including all the prescribed
        words, explaining eir error, shame, remorse, and ardent desire
        for self-improvement.  The ninny is only obliged to publish
        one apology per question on sentencing, even if sentences of
        this type are assigned more than once or go into effect more
        than once.

      * CHOKEY with a duration (the tariff) up to 60 days multiplied
        by the power of the highest-power rule allegedly broken,
        appropriate if the severity of the rule breach is reasonably
        correlated with the length of the tariff, the middle of the
        tariff range being appropriate for rule breaches of
        intermediate severity.  While a sentence of this type is
        active, the ninny is in the chokey.  No entity is in the
        chokey except as required by this rule.

      * EXILE with a duration (the tariff) up to 60 days multiplied by
        the power of the highest-power rule allegedly broken,
        appropriate if the severity of the rule breach is reasonably
        correlated with the length of the tariff, the middle of the
        tariff range being appropriate for severe rule breaches
        amounting to a breach of trust.  While a sentence of this type
        is active, the ninny is exiled.  No entity is exiled except as
        required by this rule.  If an exiled entity is ever a player,
        e is deregistered.  An exiled entity CANNOT register.

      An appeal concerning any assignment of judgement in a criminal
      case within the past week, other than an assignment caused by a
      judgement in an appeal case, CAN be initiated by the defendant
      by announcement.

Retitle rule 911 to "Appeal Cases", change its power to 1.7, and amend
it to read

      There is a subclass of judicial case known as an appeal case.
      An appeal case's purpose is to determine the appropriateness of
      a judgement that has been assigned to a judicial question, and
      make remedy if the judgement was poorly chosen.  The assignment
      of judgement being questioned (appealed against, or appealed) is
      referred to as the prior assignment; the word "prior" in this
      rule is used to refer to the circumstances of the prior
      assignment.

      An appeal concerning any assignment of judgement in a non-appeal
      case within the past two weeks, other than an assignment caused
      by a judgement in an appeal case, CAN be initiated by any player
      with 2 support.

      The entities qualified to be assigned as judge of an appeal case
      are the judicial panels consisting of three members, where each
      of the members is qualified to be assigned as judge of the prior
      case and none of the members is the prior judge.

      An appeal case has a judicial question on disposition, which is
      applicable if and only if the prior question is applicable.  The
      valid judgements for the question on disposition are:

      * AFFIRM, appropriate if the prior judgement was appropriate for
        the prior question

      * REMAND, appropriate if there is serious doubt about the
        appropriateness of the prior judgement but the judge believes
        that the judge of the prior case can make a better judgement
        if given a new opportunity

      * REASSIGN, appropriate if there is serious doubt about the
        appropriateness of the of the prior judgement

      * OVERRULE with a valid replacement judgement for the prior
        question, appropriate if the prior judgement was inappropriate
        in the prior question and the replacement judgement is
        appropriate for the prior question

      Initiation of an appeal case renders the prior question
      suspended.  It remains suspended as long as the question on
      disposition in the appeal case has no judgement.  When the
      question on disposition has a judgement, things happen according
      to that judgement:

      * if AFFIRM, the prior judgement is assigned to the prior
        question again

      * if REMAND, the prior question is rendered open again

      * if REASSIGN, the judge of the prior case (if any) is recused,
        and the prior question is rendered open again

      * if OVERRULE with a replacement judgement, the replacement
        judgement is assigned to the prior question

[----------------]
[Part II: repeals]
[----------------]

Repeal rules
       889 ("The Clerk of the Courts"),
       897 ("Barring Players from Judgement"),
      2024 ("Linked Statements"),
      2132 ("Excess CFJs"),
       408 ("Late Judgement"),
      1575 ("Standards of Proof"),
      1565 ("Dismissal of a CFJ"),
      1826 ("Motions"),
      1365 ("Concurring and Dissenting Opinions"),
      1564 ("Initiating Appeals"),
      1447 ("Final Judgement upon Appeal"),
      1804 ("Appeal of Judicial and Sentencing Orders"),
      1805 ("Appellate Orders"),
      1503 ("Rules Violations"),
       908 ("Formal Apologies"), and
      2129 ("Dishonor Rolls").

[The repeal of R1503 can only take place if it was downmutated in
advance by P5072; if not, the text of R1503 has very little effect and
shouldn't cause any problems.]

[----------------------------------]
[Part III: consequential amendments]
[----------------------------------]

Amend rule 869 by replacing the paragraph

      Whenever a player is deregistered, e is prohibited from
      registering for the next thirty days.

with

      Whenever a player deregisters, e is prohibited from registering
      for the next thirty days.

[This auto-exile is only appropriate for voluntary deregistrations.
For exile due to criminal sentence it would create an unretractable
minimum tariff, which would be unjust.]

If the recent proposal "MMI in practice" was not adopted, amend rule
1769 by replacing the text

      nor may any Call for Judgement, Judgement, notice of Appeal,
      Decision of Appeals Boards, or Opinion be published by the Clerk
      of the Courts

with

      nor may any judge be assigned to any judicial case, nor may any
      judge assign a judgement to any judicial question

If the recent proposal "MMI in practice" was adopted, amend rule 1769
by replacing the text

      the Clerk of the Courts SHALL NOT publish any Call for
      Judgement, Judgement, notice of Appeal, Decision of Appeals
      Boards, or Opinion

with

      judges SHALL NOT be assigned to any judicial case, and judges
      SHALL NOT assign judgement to any judicial question

[CotC publication isn't used for anything any more.  Judgement itself
is the closest equivalent.  Two versions of this amendment because
"MMI in practice" proposes to MMIify this part of rule 1769.]

Amend rule 2126 by replacing the text

        c) A player who submits a judgement during eir Deliberation
           Period gains one Blue VC.

with

        c) A player who assigns a judgement to a judicial question
           within the time limit when first obliged to gains one Blue
           VC.

and replacing the text

        c) A player whose judgement is overturned, or who is recused
           for failing to judge within eir Deliberation Period, loses
           one Blue VC.

with

        c) A player who is recused from a judicial case because a
           judicial question has remained applicable, open, and
           unjudged loses one Blue VC.  A player who is the prior
           judge in an appeal case where a judgement other than AFFIRM
           is assigned to the question on disposition loses one Blue
           VC.

[Update to match the new internal concepts and terminology.  This
amendment can only take place if R2126 was downmutated and amended in
advance by the proposal "Three-Tone Economics"; if not, the meaning of
the old terminology in terms of the new system is reasonably apparent
anyway.]

Amend rule 1794 by deleting the items labelled "(b)" and "(c)" and
then changing the item label "(d)" to "(b)".

[The new judicial system doesn't use orders.]

Retitle rule 217 to "Interpreting the Rules", leave its power
unchanged at 2, and amend it to read

      When interpreting and applying the rules, the text of the rules
      takes precedence.  Where the text is silent, inconsistent, or
      unclear, it is to be augmented by game custom, common sense,
      past judgements, and consideration of the best interests of the
      game.

[This rule used to apply itself only to judgements, but actually this
part is applicable even when judgement is not invoked.  This amendment
can only take place if R217 was downmutated in advance by P5071; if
not, the unchanged text of R217 is still appropriate.]

Retitle rule 1742 to "Contracts", change its power to 1.5, and amend
it to read

      Any group of two or more persons may make an agreement among
      themselves with the intention that it be binding upon them and
      be governed by the rules.  Such an agreement is known as a
      contract.  A contract may be modified, including changing the
      set of parties, by agreement between all parties.  A contract
      may also terminate by agreement between all parties.  A contract
      automatically terminates if the number of parties to it falls
      below two.

      Parties to a contract governed by the rules SHALL act in
      accordance with that contract.  This obligation is not impaired
      by contradiction between the contract and any other contract, or
      between the contract and the rules.

[Dropping the attempt at civil enforcement of contracts, because it
can't really work.  We don't have appropriate remedies to do equity
law (it requires a valuable commodity, i.e., money).  Turning the
agreement into an obligation of the rules makes breach of contract
subject to the criminal law.  Contract clauses can always specify
remedies if there are appropriate ones in a particular case, and those
can be applied via inquiry CFJs, with the criminal law as a backup if
the respondent reneges on eir remedy obligations.  Ultimately the
criminal law is always required to back up a specific-performance
remedy, of course.]

[--------------------------------]
[Part IV: transitional provisions]
[--------------------------------]

Revoke all patent titles of "In the Chokey", "Fugitive", and "Fugitive
from Justice".

[Punishments no longer use patent titles.]

CFJs that existed before the adoption of this proposal shall generally
continue to exist.  Their continuity across the amendments made by
this proposal shall be governed by these provisions:

* "Pre-reform" refers to the state in which the rules and other game
  entities were immediately before the adoption of this proposal.

* "Post-reform" refers to the state in which the rules and other game
  entities will be immediately after this proposal has completed
  taking effect.

* Each pre-reform CFJ continues to exist as a post-reform inquiry
  case.

* Each pre-reform CFJ with a judge assigned has the same judge
  assigned in its post-reform form.

* Each pre-reform CFJ with no judge assigned has no judge assigned in
  its post-reform form.

* For each pre-reform CFJ with an unappealed judgement, the
  post-reform inquiry case has a judgement assigned to its question on
  veracity, according to this translation:

  + Pre-reform FALSE judgement corresponds to post-reform FALSE.

  + Pre-reform TRUE judgement corresponds to post-reform TRUE.

  + Any other pre-reform judgement corresponds to post-reform
    UNDETERMINED.

* For each pre-reform CFJ which is dismissed (and not subsequently
  reopened) without judgement, the post-reform inquiry case has a
  judgement of UNDETERMINED assigned to its question on veracity.

* For each pre-reform CFJ with an incomplete appeal of judgement, the
  post-reform inquiry case has its question on veracity suspended.

* For each pre-reform CFJ neither with an unappealed judgement, nor
  dismissed (and not subsequently reopened) without judgement, nor
  with an incomplete appeal of judgement, the post-reform inquiry case
  has its question on veracity open.

* Each pre-reform appeal of anything other than a judgement is a
  detail of the CFJ (post-reform inquiry case) to which it is
  attached, and does not continue to exist as a distinct post-reform
  entity.

* Each pre-reform appeal of a judgement continues to exist as a
  post-reform appeal case regarding the assignment of that judgement
  to the question on veracity in the inquiry case.

* Each pre-reform appeal of a judgement to which exactly three
  appellate judges are assigned has in its post-reform form a judicial
  panel assigned as judge, the members of which are the pre-reform
  appellate judges.

* Each pre-reform appeal of a judgement that does not have exactly
  three appellate judges assigned has in its post-reform form no judge
  assigned.

* For each pre-reform appeal of a judgement in which all three
  appellate judges have rendered judgement, the post-reform appeal
  case has a judgement assigned to its question on disposition,
  according to this translation:

  + If the pre-reform subject of the appeal was sustained, the
    post-reform judgement is AFFIRM.

  + If the pre-reform appeal resulted in reversal of the subject of
    the appeal, the post-reform judgement is OVERRULE with the
    appropriate new judgement for the prior question.

  + If the pre-reform appeal resulted in the overturning of the
    original judgement and the reassigning of the subject of the
    appeal to the same judge as it previously had, the post-reform
    judgement is REMAND.

  + Otherwise the post-reform judgement is REASSIGN.

* For each pre-reform appeal of a judgement in which not all three
  appellate judges have rendered judgement, the post-reform appeal
  case has its question on disposition open.

* Aspects of continuity not addressed by the above provisions shall be
  governed by rule 1586.  The above provisions shall guide the
  application of rule 1586.

[Rule 1586 theoretically should achieve all of this on its own.  As
it's a particularly radical redefinition of complex entities, explicit
provisions seem helpful.]