ID: 5091
Title: protectorate procedure
Author: Zefram
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

Enact a power=2 rule titled "Protective Decrees" with text

      A protective decree is an act of Agora the intended effect of
      which is to make explicit changes to the state of a protectorate
      nomic.  The changes may include enacting, repealing, or amending
      rules of the protectorate, changing the set of players of the
      protectorate, or any other instantaneous changes to the
      protectorate's gamestate.

      Where permitted by other rules, an instrument with power 2 or
      greater generally can, as part of its effect, initiate a
      protective decree.  The initiating instrument must specify the
      target protectorate and the changes to be made to it.  Any
      ambiguity in the specification of a protective decree causes it
      to be void and without effect.  This is the only mechanism by
      which a protective decree can be initiated.

      As soon as possible after a protective decree has been
      initiated, the ambassador shall proclaim it to the target nomic,
      in whatever forum is most suitable for this purpose.  The decree
      takes effect upon this proclamation.

      Protective decrees should be initiated only for the purpose of
      assisting the protectorate in its growth and enabling its
      longevity.  Protective decrees should always be benevolent.

      All players are prohibited from falsely claiming, to any nomic,
      that a document is a protective decree.

[A protective decree has features of a proposal (in its effects on a
protectorate) and features of a rule change (in the way it is
initiated in Agora).  The specific procedure removes all the ambiguity
about whether a nomic qualifies as a protectorate, and Peekee's issue
about not knowing the procedure.  It also avoids the need for lots of
legislation on the receiving end: a prospective protectorate can
easily reference the complete procedure.  The final paragraph gives
protectorates some assurance that a purported protective decree is the
real thing.]

[Suggested wording for a protectorate's ruleset: "Any protective
decree of Agora that targets this nomic takes effect as specified by
the rules of Agora.".]

Amend rule 2147 to read

      Whereas Agora, being the superpower of nomics, has an inherent
      responsibility to lead the nomic world; and whereas Agora
      desires to encourage growth and promotion of the nomic
      community, be it hereby known that Agora shall serve as
      benevolent protector to any nomic which requests such status
      (hereafter referred to as the protectorate).

      In order to become a protectorate, a nomic must specify in its
      ruleset that it submits to Agora as its benevolent protector.
      It must also have rules or other gamestate arranged such that
      any protective decree proclaimed by the ambassador will take
      full effect upon proclamation.  For this purpose, the nomic may
      specify the forum in which proclamation is to be made, provided
      that it is reasonably possible for the ambassador to use the
      specified forum.  Any restriction whatsoever on the content of a
      protective decree disqualifies the nomic from being a
      protectorate.

      If the criteria specified in the preceding paragraph are met,
      the ambassador may make the nomic a protectorate with Agoran
      Consent.  If a protectorate ever does not meet these criteria,
      it ceases to be a protectorate.  The ambassador shall check
      every month whether each protectorate continues to meet the
      criteria, and shall announce whenever a protectorate has ceased
      to be a protectorate.

      The ambassador's report shall include a list of all
      protectorates, with contact details for each, and for each the
      forum in which it is most appropriate to proclaim protective
      decrees that target that protectorate.

[Greater explication and clarity on the criteria for a protectorate.
No longer assumes that changes to the protectorate's "ruleset" are
sufficient: protective decrees are plenipotent.  Does not allow
obstructive limitations on the capacity to affect the protectorate.
Require consent to gain protectorate status, to avoid abuses.
Reporting requirements moved into this rule.]

Amend rule 2148 to read

      The ambassador is an office, responsible for relations with
      foreign nomics.

      A foreign nomic may grant certain powers and privileges to
      Agora's ambassador.  If so, the ambassador shall generally
      exercise such powers in such manner as e sees fit, subject to
      other rules and orders.

      All players are prohibited from falsely claiming, to any nomic,
      to be the ambassador.

[All the protectorate stuff has moved into R2147, so this is now
concerned only with general foreign relations.  Removed the AC
procedure to require the ambassador to act a particular way: this can
be done by legislative orders instead.  The specific exception for
direct ruleset changes is now covered by the anti-fraud provisions in
the rule on protective decrees.]