ID: 5110
Title: Regulate ID numbers
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3

Create a rule titled "ID Numbers" with Power 2 and this text:

      If a rule defines a type of entity as having ID numbers, then:

        (a) Whenever an instance of that type does not have an ID
            number, the player held responsible by that rule (or, if
            there is no such player, the Speaker) SHALL assign an ID
            number to it by announcement as soon as possible.

        (b) Such an assignment is INVALID unless the number is a
            natural number (expressed as a decimal literal with at
            most 14 digits) distinct from any ID number, and greater
            than any orderly ID number, previously assigned to an
            entity of that type.  The player SHALL select the smallest
            number possible, unless e reasonably believes that selecting
            any smaller number might be invalid or confusing.

        (c) Each ID number is either orderly (default) or chaotic.  Upon
            a judicial finding that the assignment of an ID number was
            ILLEGAL, the ID number becomes chaotic.

        (d) Once assigned, an ID number cannot be changed.

        (e) If an office is responsible for assigning ID numbers, then
            that officer's report SHALL include the greatest orderly ID
            number, and a list of all chaotic ID numbers, previously
            assigned to the type of entity.

Amend Rule 2141 (Role and Attributes of Rules) by replacing the
paragraph containing "Every rule shall have a number for identification"
with this text:

      Rules have ID numbers, to be assigned by the Rulekeepor.

and by replacing "text, power, number, and title" with "text, power,
ID number, and title".

Amend Rule 1030 (Precedence between Rules with Equal Power) by replacing
"Number" with "ID number".

Amend Rule 105 (Rule Changes) by replacing "number" with "ID number".

Amend Rule 1681 (The Logical Rulesets) by replacing "number, revision
number" with "ID number, revision number".

Amend Rule 1607 (The Promotor) by appending this text:

      Distributed proposals have ID numbers, to be assigned by the
      Promotor.

Amend Rule 991 (Judicial Cases Generally) by appending this text:

      Judicial cases other than appeal cases have ID numbers, to be
      assigned by the Clerk of the Courts.