ID: 5111
Title: Return of switches
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3

Create a rule titled "Switches" with Power 2 and this text:

      A type of switch is a property that the rules define as a
      switch, and specify the following:

        a) The type(s) of entity possessing an instance of that
           switch.  No other entity possesses an instance of
           that switch.

        b) One or more possible values for instances of that
           switch, exactly one of which is designated as the
           default.  No other values are possible for instances
           of that switch.

        c) Exactly one officer who tracks instances of that
           switch.  That officer's report includes the value of
           each instance of that switch whose value is not Null.

      At any given time, each instance of a switch has exactly one
      possible value for that type of switch.  If an instance of a
      switch comes to have a value, it ceases to have any other
      value.  If an instance of a switch would otherwise fail to
      have a possible value, it comes to have its default value.

      "To flip an instance of a switch" is to make it come to have a
      given value.  "To become X" (where X is a possible value of
      exactly one of the subject's switches) is to flip that switch
      to X.

Change the title of Rule 2130 to "Activity", and amend it to read:

      Activity is a player switch with values Active (default) and
      Inactive, tracked by the Registrar.

      A player may flip eir activity by announcement.  "To go on hold"
      is to become Inactive; "to come off hold" is to become Active.

      A player may flip another player's activity to Inactive without
      objection.

Amend Rule 478 (Fora) by replacing this text:

      A Forum's Publicity may be either null, Discussion, or Public
      (default null).  A forum's publicity may not be changed except
      as described in this rule.

with this text:

      Publicity is a forum switch with values Public, Discussion, and
      Null (default), tracked by the Registrar.

Amend Rule 1871 (The Standing Court) by replacing this text:

      Each player is either standing, sitting, or supine; this status
      is known as eir posture.  The CotC's report includes each
      player's posture.  When an entity becomes a player, e is
      initially supine.  A player CAN change emself from sitting to
      supine, or from supine to sitting, by announcement.

with this text:

      Posture is a player switch with values Standing, Sitting, and
      Supine (default), tracked by the Clerk of the Courts.

      A player may flip eir posture from Sitting to Supine, or vice
      versa, by announcement.

Amend Rule 869 (How to Join and Leave Agora) to read:

      Citizenship is an entity switch with values Null (default) and
      Registered, tracked by the Registrar.  A player is an entity
      whose citizenship is Registered.  "To register" and "to become a
      player" are synonymous with "to flip one's citizenship to
      Registered"; "to deregister" and "to be deregistered" are
      synonymous with "to flip the subject's citizenship to Null".

      A person may register (unless prevented by the rules) by
      announcing that e registers, wishes to register, requests
      registration, or requests permission to register.

      A player may deregister by announcement.  E CANNOT register within
      thirty days after doing so.