ID: 5113
Title: Really Generalize Dependent Actions
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: Maud
Adoption index: 3

Maud is a co-author of this proto-proposal.

Amend Rule 107 (Initiating Agoran Decisions) by replacing this text:

      This rule takes precedence over any rule which would require
      a voting period for some decision to be shorter than seven days.

with this text:

      This rule takes precedence over any rule which would require
      a voting period for some decision to be shorter than seven days,
      unless the decision is whether to approve a dependent action.

Amend Rule 208 (Resolving Agoran decisions) to read:

      The vote collector for an unresolved Agoran decision may resolve
      it by announcement, indicating the option selected by Agora.  E
      SHALL do so as soon as possible after the end of the voting
      period.  To be valid, this announcement must satisfy the
      following conditions:

        (a) It is published after the voting period has ended.

        (b) It clearly identifies the matter to be resolved.

        (c) It clearly identifies the options available.

        (d) It specifies which option was selected by Agora, as
            described elsewhere, and provides a tally of the voters'
            valid ballots on the various options.

      Each Agoran decision has exactly one vote collector.

      This rule takes precedence over any rule that would provide
      another mechanism by which an Agoran decision may be resolved.

Repeal Rule 2117 (Replacing the Vote Collector).

Amend Rule 2146 (Indices) by appending this text:

      The ratio of a positive index to zero is positive infinity.  The
      ratio of a negative index to zero is negative infinity.  The ratio
      of zero to any index is zero.

Amend Rule 955 (Determining the Will of Agora) to read:

      The outcome of an Agoran decision is determined as follows.

        (a) If there is more than one available option, and the number
            of distinct voters who submitted valid ballots is less
            than quorum, then the outcome is FAILED QUORUM, regardless
            of the remainder of this rule.  Otherwise, the decision
            achieved quorum.

        (b) If the decision is whether to adopt a proposal, then the
            voting index is the ratio of the strength of FOR to the
            strength of AGAINST.  If the voting index is greater than
            1, and greater than or equal to the decision's adoption
            index, then the outcome is ADOPTED; otherwise, the outcome
            is REJECTED.

        (d) If the decision is whether to approve a dependent action:

            (1) If the strength of OBJECT is greater than or equal to
                the objection index (if any), then the outcome is
                REJECTED.

            (2) If the strength of SUPPORT is less than the support
                index (if any), then the outcome is REJECTED.

            (3) If the ratio of the strength of SUPPORT to the combined
                strength of SUPPORT and OBJECT is less than or equal to
                the majority index (if any), then the outcome is
                REJECTED.

            (4) Otherwise, the outcome is APPROVED.

Amend Rule 879 (Quorum) to read:

      Quorum for an Agoran decision is N/3 (where N is the number of
      eligible voters with a positive voting limit on that decision),
      rounded up, with a minimum of five (unless this is greater than
      N, in which case quorum is N, or the decision is whether to
      approve a dependent action, in which case quorum is zero).

Amend rule 1728 (Dependent Actions) to read:

      An announcement of intent to perform a dependent action,
      unambiguously describing the action and method of dependent
      action, initiates the Agoran decision of whether to approve
      the action.  For this decision:

        (a) The vote collector is the announcer.

        (b) The available options are SUPPORT and OBJECT.

        (c) The voting period ends after fourteen days or immediately
            before it is resolved, whichever comes first.

        (d) The eligible voters are those entities that were active
            first-class players at the start of the voting period,
            except for the vote collector, and any entities disqualified
            by the rule specifying that the action can be performed
            dependently.

        (e) The voting limit of each eligible voter is one.

        (f) The vote collector of such a decision CANNOT resolve it if
            it was initiated more than fourteen days ago, or (if it has
            an objection and/or majority index) less than four days ago.

        (g) If the outcome is APPROVED, then the vote collector performs
            the action upon resolving the decision.

      The specification in the rules that an action can be performed
      dependently does not prohibit performing that action
      independently if doing so would otherwise be permissible.

Change the title of rule 2124 to "Methods of Dependent Actions", and
amend it to read:

      The following methods of dependent actions are defined:

        (a) With N Supporters.  For this method, the support index is
            N.  "With Support" is synonymous with "With 1 Supporter".

        (b) Without N Objections.  For this method, the objection
            index is N.  "Without Objection" is synonymous with
            "Without 1 Objection".

        (c) With N Agoran Consent.  For this method, the majority
            index is N.  "With Agoran Consent" is synonymous with
            "With 1/2 Agoran Consent".