ID: 5114
Title: tighten definition of VCs
Author: Zefram
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

Amend rule 2126 by replacing the text

      Voting Credits (VCs) are a measure of each player's ability to
      affect voting limits on ordinary proposals.  VCs CANNOT be
      affected except as described in this rule.

      When a player registers or deregisters, e loses all eir VCs.

      The assessor's report includes the number of VCs of each color
      possessed by each player.

      When one or more players win the game, each player's VVLOP is
      set to eir BVLOP.

      Each VC has a color (Gray if not otherwise specified).  If a
      player loses a color of VC that e does not possess, then e loses
      a VC of eir Party's color instead; if e has no VCs at all, then
      the loss is waived (you can't get blood from a turnip).

with

      Voting Credits (VCs) are items that can be possessed by players
      and used to affect voting limits on ordinary proposals.  VCs
      CANNOT be affected except as described by this rule.  VCs CANNOT
      be possessed by any entity other than a player: in any situation
      that would otherwise violate this condition, the offending VCs
      are lost or never gained.

      Each VC has a color.  If a player is meant to lose a VC of a
      color that e does not possess, then e loses a VC of eir Party's
      color instead; if e has no VCs at all, then the loss is waived
      (you can't get blood from a turnip).

      The assessor's report includes the number of VCs of each color
      possessed by each player.

and inserting immediately after the list of ways to spend VCs the
paragraph

      When one or more players win the game, each player's VVLOP is
      set to eir BVLOP.

[Tighten up ownership, to make non-player VC ownership impossible.
Use the possession terminology in introductory sentence, matching the
rest of the rule.  In the color substitution provision, don't speak of
the impossible loss as actually happening.  Some reordering of
paragraphs.]