ID: 5146
Title: The Republic of Agora
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3

Create a rule titled "State Districts" with Power 2 and this text:

      Each player represents exactly one distinct state with the
      following attributes:

        a) A name, which its representative may set by announcement.

        b) A non-negative integral number of districts, which CANNOT
           be modified except as specified by this rule.

        c) A non-negative number of planned districts, which CANNOT
           be modified except by an instrument with power at least
           as great as that of this rule.

        d) A district baseline, which is five if the state's
           representative is a first-class player, zero otherwise.

        e) A district minimum, which is one if the state's
           representative is a first-class player, zero otherwise.

      The Assessor's report includes a list of states and their
      attributes.

      When a state's number of districts is set to a value, its number
      of planned districts is set to the same value.

      If a state's number of districts would otherwise be undefined, it
      is set to its district baseline.

      At the end of each week, each state's number of districts is set
      to its number of planned districts, rounded to an integer,
      breaking ties toward odd integers, with a minimum of its
      district minimum.

      When one or more players win the game, each state's number of
      planned districts is set to its district baseline.

Change the title of Rule 2156 to "Voting on House Proposals", and amend
it to read:

      The eligible voters on a House proposal are those entities that
      were active players at the start of its voting period.  The
      voting limit of an eligible voter on a House proposal is eir
      state's number of districts at the start of its voting period,
      halved (rounding up) if e is in the chokey at that time.

Change the title of Rule 1950 to "Voting on Senate Proposals", and
amend it to read:

      The eligible voters on a Senate proposal are those entities that
      were active first-class players at the start of its voting
      period.  The voting limit of an eligible voter on a Senate
      proposal is two.

Change the title of Rule 2126 to "In Soviet Russia, the government
controls commerce", and amend it to read:

      Sheqalim (S, sing. sheqel) are a measure of each player's
      ability to gerrymander the redistricting process.  S CANNOT
      be affected except as described in this rule, and CANNOT be
      possessed by or transferred to a non-player.

      Each S has exactly one color (Gray if not otherwise
      specified).  Each player's Party is the color of a plurality
      of eir S, with ties lost by the color(s) that e gained most
      recently (Gray if this would fail to specify exactly one color).

      The Assessor's report includes each player's S of each color.

      If a player is otherwise specified as losing a color of S that
      e does not have, then e loses a S of eir Party's color; if e
      has no S at all, then the loss is waived (you can't get blood
      from a turnip).

      S may be gained as follows:

        a) When an interested proposal is adopted, its author gains
           Red S equal to the integer portion of the proposal's
           adoption index (minus the number of Red S e gained in this
           way earlier in the same week), and each of its co-authors
           gains one Red S (unless e gained S in this way earlier in
           the same week).  If the proposal received no AGAINST votes,
           its author gains one Zinnwaldite S.

        b) At the end of each month, for each office, the player (if
           any) who held that office for the majority of that month
           gains two Green S if it has a weekly report, or one Green S
           if it only has a monthly report, unless another player
           deputized for that office during that month while that
           player held it.

        c) When a player submits a judgement on veracity or culpability,
           e gains one Blue S, unless e violated a requirement to submit
           that judgement within a time limit.

      S may be lost as follows:

        a) When a proposal is rejected with a voting index less than
           half its adoption index, its author loses one Red S.

        b) When an officer forfeits eir salary due to deputization as
           described above, e loses one Green S.

        c) When a player's judgement is overturned, or e is recused
           for violating a requirement to submit a judgement within
           a time limit, e loses one Blue S.

      S may be spent as follows, by announcement (INVALID unless
      the color is specified):

        a) A player may spend two S of different colors to increase
           another player's state's planned districts by one.

        b) A player may spend three S of different colors to increase
           eir own state's planned districts by one.

        c) A player may spend two S of different colors to decrease
           another player's state's planned districts by one.

        d) A player may spend three S of different colors to decrease
           another player's state's planned districts by ten percent.

        e) A player may spend two S of the same color to make another
           player gain one S of that color.

Change the title of Rule 2134 to "Win by Districts", and amend it to read:

      Upon a correct announcement that a state has at least as many
      districts as all other states combined, that state's
      representative wins the game.

Amend Rule 106 (Adopting Proposals) by replacing the paragraph
containing "The adoption index of a proposal is" with this text:

      The adoption index of a proposal is an integral multiple of 0.1,
      with a minimum value of 1.0.  It may be set by the proposer at
      the time of submission, or otherwise defaults to the minimum.  A
      proposal is a House proposal if its adoption index is less than
      2.0, a Senate proposal otherwise.

Change the title of Rule 2142 to "Senate Procedure", and amend it to read:

      Any player may change a House proposal to a Senate proposal
      during its voting period with 2 supporters.

unless at least one-third of the players who voted on this proposal
either voted AGAINST it or objected to the amendment of this rule.

Create a rule titled "House Procedure" with Power 2 and this text:

      Any player may change a Senate proposal to a House proposal
      during its voting period with 4 supporters.

unless at least one-third of the players who voted on this proposal
either voted AGAINST it or objected to the creation of this rule.

Amend Rule 2019 (Speaker's Veto and Rubber Stamp) by replacing each
instance of "Ordinary" with "House".