ID: 5173
Title: Assets
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

Create a rule titled "Assets" with Power 2 and this text:

      An asset is an entity defined as such by an instrument (hereafter
      its backing document).

      Each asset has exactly one owner.  If an asset would otherwise
      lack an owner, it is owned by the Bank.

      A currency is a class of asset defined as such by its backing
      document.  Instances of a currency with the same owner are
      fungible.

      A fixed asset is one defined as such by its backing document.  Any
      other asset is liquid.  The owner of a liquid asset generally CAN
      transfer it to another entity by announcement.

      The recordkeepor of a class of assets is the entity defined as such
      by its backing document.  That entity's report includes a list of
      all instances of that class and their owners.  If this portion of
      that entity's report is not challenged within a week after its
      publication, then it becomes correct, even if it would otherwise be
      incorrect.

      If an asset's backing document restricts its ownership to a class
      of entities, then that asset CANNOT be gained by or transferred to
      an entity outside that class, and is destroyed if it is owned by
      an entity outside that class.

["Property" is ambiguous between possessions and attributes.  Allow
agreements to define private assets.  Asset reports are auto-ratified
similarly to voting results.]

Amend Rule 2126 (Voting Credits) by replacing this text:

      Voting Credits (VCs) are items that can be possessed by players
      and used to affect voting limits on ordinary proposals.  VCs
      CANNOT be affected except as described by this rule.  VCs CANNOT
      be possessed by any entity other than a player: in any situation
      that would otherwise violate this condition, the offending VCs
      are lost or never gained.

      Each VC has a color.  If a player is meant to lose a VC of a
      color that e does not possess, then e loses a VC of eir Party's
      color instead; if e has no VCs at all, then the loss is waived
      (you can't get blood from a turnip).

      The assessor's report includes the number of VCs of each color
      possessed by each player.

with this text:

with this text:

      Voting Credits (VCs) are a class of fixed assets that can be used
      to affect voting limits on ordinary proposals.  VCs CANNOT be
      affected except as described by this rule.  Ownership of VCs is
      restricted to players.

      Each VC has a color.  Each color of VC is a currency.  If a player
      is meant to lose a VC of a color that e does not possess, then e
      loses a VC of eir Party's color instead; if e has no VCs at all,
      then the loss is waived (you can't get blood from a turnip).

      The Assessor is the recordkeepor of VCs.

Amend Rule 2136 (Contests) by replacing this text:

      Points are a measure of a player's contentiousness.  The number
      of points possessed by a player is eir score.

      Each player's score is an integer.  Points can only be awarded
      in integer amounts.

      When a player registers or deregisters, eir score becomes zero.

with this text:

      Points are a class of fixed assets.  Ownership of points is
      restricted to players.

      Points are a currency.  The number of points owned by a player
      is eir score.

and by replacing this text:

      The Scorekeepor is an office; its holder is responsible for
      keeping track of scores and contests.  The Scorekeepor's report
      includes each player's score.

with this text:

      The Scorekeepor is an office, and the recordkeepor of points.