ID: 5193
Title: calendar cleanup
Author: Zefram
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

Enact a power=2 rule titled "Calendar" with text

      Times of day are by default specified using the hours, minutes,
      and seconds of Coordinated Universal Time (UTC), as maintained
      by the BIPM and the IERS.  "Greenwich Mean Time" ("GMT") is
      acceptable as a synonym for UTC, but deprecated due to its
      imprecision.  Where timezones are used, they are by default
      specified in the form of offsets from UTC.  Each day begins at
      00:00 (midnight).

      The calendar units of month and year are defined according to
      the Gregorian calendar, as specified in ISO 8601.  In
      particular, each year begins at the beginning of 1 January.

      The calendar unit of quarter is defined as a recurring
      three-month period aligned with the year.  Quarters begin when
      the months of January, April, July, and October begin.

      The calendar unit of week is defined as a recurring seven-day
      period, as specified in ISO 8601.  In particular, each week
      begins at the beginning of Monday.

[More precise and formal than the current definitions.  The references
to ISO 8601 (see copy at <http://www.fys.ruu.nl/~vgent/calendar/
downloads/iso_8601_2004.pdf>) disambiguate some details of the
calendars (proleptic usage, year boundaries, and week boundaries) and
provide a convenient canonical definition.  The additional explication
regarding UTC clarifies that we really do mean UTC rather than UT1 or
any of the other things that has been commonly known as "GMT".]

Amend rule 1023 by deleting the item that contains the text "Agoran
epochs:".

[Calendar stuff moves to its own rule because it's a completely
different topic from the other things in rule 1023.  This rule started
out defining only "as soon as possible".]

Amend rules 1769 and 1750 by replacing "Agoran week" with "week".

[The old definitions in R1023 were for terms "Agoran day", "Agoran
week", and so on.  The prefix wasn't actually doing anything useful,
and almost all uses of the definitions just used the plain terms
"day", "week", and so on.  These two rules are the only places that
included the prefix.]