ID: 5207
Title: Refactor elections
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3

Amend Rule 955 (Determining the Will of Agora) by inserting, between
sections (b) and (d), this text:

        (c) If the decision is an election, then the outcome is the
            candidate that received the most votes, with ties broken
            by the vote collector.  This candidate becomes holder of
            the office in question.

and by replacing "the decision's adoption index" with "the proposal's
adoption index".

Amend Rule 106 (Adopting Proposals) by replacing this text:

      the adoption index is the adoption index of the proposal.

with this text:

      the vote collector is the Assessor.

Amend Rule 2137 (The Assessor) to read:

      The Assessor is an office; its holder is responsible for
      collecting votes on proposals and keeping track of related
      properties.

Amend Rule 2154 (Replacing Officers) to read:

      Any player may make an active player (hereafter the nominee) the
      holder of an office, thus removing any previous holder from the
      office, with Agoran consent, provided that the nominee consents
      to hold the office after the announcement of intent is made.

      If, at the end of the minimum waiting period between intent and
      action defined for Agoran consent, there are any other consenting
      nominees for the same office, then the IADoP SHALL initiate an
      Agoran decision to elect a holder for that office (hereafter an
      election).  For this decision:

        (a) The valid options are the consenting nominees.

        (b) Quorum is three (or the number of active players, if that
            number is less), rules to the contrary notwithstanding.

        (c) The eligible voters are the active players.

        (d) The vote collector is the IADoP.

      Until this election is resolved, no decision to fill that office
      by Agoran consent may be resolved.

      If no attempt to change the holder of a given office with Agoran
      consent is made in a given quarter, then the IADoP SHALL attempt
      to do so during the following quarter, and make the change if
      POSSIBLE.  This requirement is waived if another player makes such
      a change, or the IADoP initiates an election for that office,
      during the following quarter.