ID: 5240
Title: Implicit Switches
Author: AFO
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3

Amend Rule 2162 (Switches) by replacing this text:

      b) One or more possible values for instances of that switch,
         exactly one of which is designated as the default.  No other
         values are possible for instances of that switch.

      c) Exactly one officer who tracks instances of that switch.
         That officer's report includes the value of each instance of
         that switch whose value is not Null.

with this text:

      b) One or more possible values for instances of that switch,
         exactly one of which is designated as the default.  No other
         values are possible for instances of that switch.  Up to one
         of these values may be designated as implicit.

      c) Exactly one officer who tracks instances of that switch.
         That officer's report includes the value of each instance of
         that switch whose value is not implicit.

Amend Rule 2149 (Truthiness, or the Island of Knights and Knaves) by
replacing "knight (default)" with "knight (default) (implicit)".

[No effect if "Ministers Without Portfolio" is adopted.]

Amend Rule 869 (How to Join and Leave Agora) by replacing "Null
(default)" with "Unregistered (default) (implicit)", and by replacing
every other instance of "Null" with "Unregistered".

Amend Rule 2130 (Activity) by replacing this text:

      Activity is a player switch with values Active (default) and
      Inactive, tracked by the Registrar.  The Registrar's report
      includes the date on which each player's activity last changed.

with this text:

      Activity is a player switch with values Active (default)
      (implicit) and Inactive, tracked by the Registrar.  The
      Registrar's report includes the date on which each non-Active
      player's activity last changed.

[Knowing how long the active players have been continuously active
is less interesting than knowing how long the inactive players have
been continuously inactive; the latter is grounds for an occasional
deregister-the-long-inactive proposal.]

Amend Rule 478 (Fora) by replacing "Null (default)" with "Foreign
(default) (implicit)", and by replacing "non-null" with "non-Foreign".

Amend Rule 1871 (The Standing Court) by replacing "Supine (default)"
with "Supine (default) (implicit)".