ID: 5257
Title: Ministers Without Portfolio
Author: AFO
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3

Amend Rule 2149 (Truthiness, or the Island of Knights and Knaves) by
replacing "Speaker" with "Registrar".

Amend Rule 1922 (Defined Regular Patent Titles) by appending this text:

      (e)  Minister Without Portfolio, to be awarded to any player
           who wins the game.  If the number of players bearing this
           title is greater than the number of Prerogatives defined
           by the rules, then this title is revoked from the Speaker.

Change the title of Rule 103 to "Role of the Speaker", and amend it
to read:

      The Speaker is the figurehead of Agora, embodying its
      spirit.  Diplomatic missions from Agora to foreign nomics
      operate on the Speaker's behalf.

Change the title of Rule 402 to "Identity of the Speaker", and amend it
to read:

      The Speaker is the player who has borne the Patent Title of
      Minister Without Portfolio the longest, with ties broken in
      favor of the player who has been registered the longest.

Change the title of Rule 2019 to "Prerogatives", and amend it to read:

      As soon as possible after the beginning of the month, the Speaker
      SHALL randomly assign each Minister Without Portfolio a different
      Prerogative for the remainder of that month.  If there are more
      members in one set than the other, then e SHALL randomly choose
      which members of the larger set take part in the assignment.

      The following Prerogatives are defined:

        a) Default Officeholder.  The Default Officeholder CAN become
           holder of a vacant office by announcement, unless e is
           prevented from holding that office on an ongoing basis.

        b) Default Justice.  Whenever the Clerk of the Courts assigns
           a judicial panel, e SHALL assign one with the Default
           Justice as a member, unless no such panel is eligible to
           be so assigned.

        c) Wielder of Veto.  The Wielder of Veto CAN veto an ordinary
           proposal in its voting period by announcement; this increases
           its Adoption Index by 1.

        d) Wielder of Rubberstamp.  The Wielder of Rubberstamp CAN
           rubberstamp an ordinary proposal in its voting period by
           announcement; this decreases its quorum to 3, rules to the
           contrary notwithstanding.

Upon the adoption of this proposal, the four players who won most
recently are awarded the Patent Title of Minister Without Portfolio,
with ties broken in favor of the player who has been registered the
longest.

[Levi, Human Point Two, root, Eris]