ID: 5263
Title: 2158 changes.
Author: comex
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

Amend Rule 2158 by replacing:
   Within a judicial case, one or more judicial questions may
   arise. Each judicial question is either inapplicable (default)
   or applicable; this is not a persistent status but is evaluated
   instantaneously. Each judicial question either is open
   (default), suspended, or has a particular judgement; this is a
   persistent status that changes only according to the rules. The
   possible types of judgement for a judicial question vary
   according to the type of question.

   When a judicial case has an applicable open judicial question,
   it requires a judge, and its judge CAN assign a valid judgement
   to that question by announcement. Whenever there is a judge
   assigned to a judicial case with an applicable open question,
   the judge SHALL assign such a judgement to the question as soon
   as possible.

   Whenever a judicial case has a judicial question that has
   remained applicable and open, while the same judge has been
   assigned to the case, continuously for the past week, the CotC
   CAN recuse that judge with cause by announcement. Whenever a
   judicial case has a judicial question that has remained
   applicable and open, while the same judge has been assigned to
   the case, continuously for the past two weeks, the CotC SHALL so
   recuse the judge as soon as possible.
with:
   Within a judicial case, one or more judicial questions may
   arise. Each judicial question is either inapplicable (default)
   or applicable, as defined by the rules. Suspension is a
   judicial question switch, tracked by the CotC, with values of
   Null (default) and Suspended. A judicial question is open if
   it does not have a judgement. The possible types of judgement
   for a judicial question vary according to the type of question.

   When a judicial case has an applicable open judicial question,
   it requires a judge, and its judge SHALL as soon as possible
   assign a valid judgement to that question by announcement.

   Whenever a judicial case has a judicial question that has
   remained applicable and open, while the same judge has been
   assigned to the case, continuously for the past week, the CotC
   SHALL within two weeks recuse that judge with cause by
   announcement.


[[Switchifies status, thereby removing the annoying evaluated clauses. 
Takes advantage of the fact that specifying a method implies CAN to add
brevity.]]