ID: 5295
Title: clarify proposal distribution
Author: Zefram
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

Retitle rule 1607 to "Distribution of Proposals", change its power to
2, and amend it to read

      The promotor is an office; its holder is responsible for
      receiving and distributing proposals.

      A proposal CAN be distributed by the promotor at any time, by
      publishing it with the clear intent of distributing it.  A
      proposal distribution is VALID regardless of whether the
      proposal existed prior to its distribution.  Distributed
      proposals have ID numbers, to be assigned by the promotor.  The
      distribution of a proposal initiates the Agoran decision of
      whether to adopt the proposal, as described elsewhere.

      When distributing a proposal, the promotor SHALL specify its
      author (and coauthors, if any), its adoption index, and whether
      it is ordinary or democratic.

      If a proposal being distributed is identical (in meaning) to a
      proposal in the proposal pool, then this is a distribution of
      the proposal from the proposal pool, and the act of distribution
      removes it from the proposal pool.  If a proposal being
      distributed is not identical (in meaning) to any proposal in the
      proposal pool, then the distribution creates a new proposal.

      The promotor SHALL in each week distribute each proposal that
      was in the proposal pool at the beginning of the week, except
      for proposals that have been subsequently removed from the pool.
      The promotor SHALL NOT distribute any proposal that is not in
      the pool at the time of distribution.

[MMI language incorporates judgements regarding distribution of
unsubmitted proposals.  Add explicit obligation to not make such
distributions.  Remove the reporting requirement for the pool, because
that was only present to give the promtor a weekly report for salary
purposes and e now has to report ID numbers.  Increase power because
this is important machinery.]

Amend rule 2153 by appending the paragraph:

      When distributing a proposal, the promotor SHALL specify its
      interest index.

[Moved from rule 1607.  This fixes the reporting requirement (which
hadn't been updated for the change to an index), and puts it next to
the definition of the index for maintainability.]