ID: 5299
Title: Micropayments
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

Create a rule titled "Marks" with Power 2 and this text:

      Marks are a class of assets.  Ownership of Marks is restricted
      to persons.

      Each Mark has exactly one color.  Each color of Mark is a
      currency.  If a player is meant to lose a Mark of a color that e
      does not possess, then e loses a Mark of eir Party's color
      instead; if e has no Marks at all, then e loses a VC of the same
      color as the Mark e is meant to lose, gains 100 Marks of that
      color, and then loses the Mark.

      The Assessor is the recordkeepor of Marks.

      Marks are gained and lost as follows:

      (+R) At the end of a proposal's voting period, each player who
           voted on it gains one Red Mark.  If at least one of eir
           votes is FOR or AGAINST, and the ratio of eir FOR to
           AGAINST votes does not equal the proposal's adoption index,
           then e gains another Red Mark.  If the proposal is adopted,
           and e was the only player to vote AGAINST it, then e gains
           another ten Red Marks, and the author gains ten Red Marks.

      (-R) When a proposal's voting period is extended because it would
           fail quorum, each eligible voter who has not voted on it
           loses five Red Marks.  When a proposal meets quorum but is
           rejected, and only one player (other than possibly the
           author) voted FOR it, then that player loses ten Red Marks,
           and the author loses ten Red Marks.

      (+G) At the end of each month, for each office without a report,
           the player (if any) who held that office for the majority
           of that month gains one Green Mark, unless another person
           deputised for that office while that player held that office
           during that month, in which case the deputising player gains
           one Green Mark.

      (+B) When a person calls for judgement, e gains one Blue Mark,
           except as noted below.  When a judgement that caused the
           loss of a Blue Mark as noted below is overturned, the caller
           gains one Blue Mark.  When a judicial panel judges an appeal
           case, each member gains one Blue Mark.

      (-B) When a person calls for judgement, and has already done so
           at least five times in the same week, e loses two Blue
           Marks.  When an inquiry case is judged IRRELEVANT, or a
           criminal case is judged OVERLOOKED, ALREADY TRIED, or
           UNIMPUGNED, the caller loses one Blue Mark.  When a judicial
           panel is recused with cause, each member loses one Blue Mark.

      Only valid, unretracted votes count toward the conditions for
      gaining and losing Red Marks.

      Marks may be spent as follows, by announcement (INVALID unless the
      color is specified):

      a) A player may spend 100 Marks of the same color to gain one VC
         of that color.

[Not that we have any non-reporting offices.  Even if we did, having
your non-reporting office deputised would already be dinged by Rule
2126, so I can't think of a good trigger for losing Green Marks.]

Upon the adoption of this proposal, for each Red, Green, and Blue VC
possessed by a player, that player gains 10 Marks of that color.