ID: 5313
Title: The Republic of Agora
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3

Create a rule titled "States and Districts" with Power 2 and this text:

      Each player represents exactly one distinct state with the
      following attributes:

        a) A name, which its representative CAN set by announcement.

        b) A non-negative integral number of districts (ND), which
           CANNOT be modified except as specified by this rule.

        c) A non-negative number of planned districts (NPD), which
           CANNOT be modified except by an instrument with power at
           least as great as that of this rule.

        d) A district baseline (DB), which is five if the state's
           representative is a first-class player, zero otherwise.

        e) A district minimum (DM), which is one if the state's
           representative is a first-class player, zero otherwise.

      The Assessor's report includes a list of states and their
      attributes.

      When a state's ND is set to a value, its NPD is set to the
      same value.

      If a state's ND would otherwise be undefined, it is set to
      its DB.

      At the end of each week, each state's ND is set to its NPD,
      rounded to an integer, breaking ties toward odd integers,
      with a minimum of its DM.

      When one or more players win the game, each state's NPD is
      set to its DB.

[Create the republic metaphor.  VLOP -> Districts, and increase
default from 4 to 5.]

Change the title of Rule 2156 to "Voting on District Proposals", and
amend it to read:

      The eligible voters on a District proposal are those entities
      that were active players at the start of its voting period.  The
      voting limit of an eligible voter on a District proposal is eir
      state's ND at the start of its voting period, halved (rounding
      up) if e is in the chokey at that time.

[Ordinary proposal -> District proposal.  The details on districts
are now in "States and Districts", allowing this rule to parallel
Rule 1950 more closely.]

Change the title of Rule 1950 to "Voting on State Proposals", and
amend it to read:

      The eligible voters on a State proposal are those entities that
      were active first-class players at the start of its voting
      period.  The voting limit of an eligible voter on a State
      proposal is two.

[Democratic proposal -> State proposal, and increase default voting
strength from 1 to 2.]

Amend Rule 2126 (Voting Credits) by replacing "voting limits on
ordinary proposals" with "the redistricting process", and by replacing
each instance of "VVLOP" with "NPD", and by removing this text:

      When a game win occurs, each player's VVLOP is set to eir BVLOP.

[The reset-on-win clause is now in "States and Districts".]

Change the title of Rule 2134 to "Win by Districts", and amend it to read:

      Upon a correct announcement that a state's ND is greater than or
      equal to the sum of the ND of all other states, that state's
      representative wins the game.

Amend Rule 106 (Adopting Proposals) by replacing this text:

      A Proposal with an Adoption Index of less than 2 is Ordinary.  All
      other Proposals are Democratic.

with this text:

      A Proposal is initially a District proposal if its Adoption Index
      is less than 2, or a State proposal otherwise.  Changing a proposal
      to a District proposal is secured, with a power threshold of 2.

[Allow Rule 2142 to make changes.  Allow future rules to make changes in
the other direction, within limits.]

Amend Rule 1607 (The Promotor) by replacing this text:

      c) Whether it is ordinary or democratic.

with this text:

      c) Whether it is a District or State proposal.

Change the title of Rule 2142 to "State Procedure", and amend it to read:

      A player CAN, with 2 support, convert a District proposal into a
      State proposal.

Amend Rule 2019 (Prerogatives) by replacing each instance of "ordinary
proposal" with "District proposal".