ID: 5314
Title: Return of the secret ballot
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3

Amend Rule 107 (Initiating Agoran Decisions) by appending this text:

      A decision is secret if and only if the notice says it is.  Votes
      on a secret decision SHALL NOT be disclosed to anyone other than
      its vote collector during its voting period.

Amend Rule 683 (Voting on Agoran Decisions) by replacing this text:

      An eligible voter on a particular Agoran decision submits a
      ballot to the vote collector by publishing a valid notice
      indicating which one of the available options e selects.  To be
      valid, the ballot must satisfy the following conditions:

      (a) The ballot is submitted during the voting period for the
          decision, and the submitter is an eligible voter at the
          time of submission.

      (b) The ballot clearly identifies the matter to be decided.

      (c) The ballot clearly identifies the option selected by the
          voter.

      (d) The voter has not publicly retracted the ballot during the
          voting period.

with this text:

      An eligible voter on a particular Agoran decision submits a
      ballot by sending it to the vote collector.  To be valid, the
      ballot must satisfy the following conditions:

      (a) The ballot is submitted during the voting period for the
          decision, and the submitter is an eligible voter at the
          time of submission.

      (b) The ballot clearly identifies the matter to be decided.

      (c) The ballot clearly identifies the option selected by the
          voter.

      (d) The ballot is sent privately (if the decision is secret)
          or publically (otherwise).

      The submitter of a ballot can retract it (thus invalidating it)
      by informing the vote collector that e does so.  To be valid, the
      retraction must satisfy the following conditions:

      (a) The retraction is submitted during the voting period for the
          decision.

      (b) The retraction clearly identifies the ballot to be retracted.

      (c) The retraction is sent privately (if the decision is secret)
          or publically (otherwise).