ID: 5316
Title: Voting debits and refraction
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

Create a rule titled "Voting Debits" with Power 2 and this text:

      Voting Debits (VDs) are a class of fixed assets.  VDs CANNOT
      be affected except as defined by this rule.  Ownership of VDs
      is restricted to players.

      The Accountor is an office, and the recordkeepor of VDs.

      A player CAN spend N+1 VCs of different colors to decrease eir
      VDs by N.

      A player CAN spend N VCs of different colors to decrease another
      player's VDs by N.

      A player SHALL NOT possess VDs for more than one month.  One
      second after a sentence of CHOKEY for violating this rule becomes
      active, all of the sentenced player's VCs and VDs are destroyed.

Amend Rule 2126 (Voting Credits) by replacing this text:

                   If a player is meant to lose a VC of a color that e
      does not possess, then e loses a VC of eir Party's color
      instead; if e has no VCs at all, then the loss is waived (you
      can't get blood from a turnip).

      The Assessor is the recordkeepor of VCs.

with this text:

                   If a player is meant to lose, or attempts to spend, a
      VC of a color that e does not possess, then e gains a VD instead,
      and the recordkeepor of that color of VC SHALL inform the
      Accountor of it as soon as possible.  In the case of spending, the
      action to be performed is successful if and only if the player
      reasonably believed that e had enough VCs at the time.

      The Accountor is the recordkeepor of all colors of VC that would
      otherwise lack one.

      The Assessor is the recordkeepor of Red and Orange VCs.

      The IADoP is the recordkeepor of Green and Cyan VCs.

      The CotC is the recordkeepor of Blue and Black VCs.

      The Registrar is the recordkeepor of White VCs.

      The Herald is the recordkeepor of Violet and Indigo VCs.

      The Scorekeepor is the recordkeepor of Yellow VCs.