ID: 5317
Title: Judicial fixes
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

Amend Rule 991 (Judicial Cases Generally) by replacing this text:

      A judicial case, also known as a call for judgement (CFJ), is a
      procedure to settle a matter of controversy.  There are
      subclasses of judicial case with particular features defined by
      other rules.  Subclasses of judicial case exist only as defined
      by the rules.

with this text:

      A judicial case, also known as a call for judgement (CFJ), is a
      procedure to settle a matter of controversy.

      Each judicial case has exactly one subclass, with particular
      features as defined by other rules.  Subclasses of judicial case
      exist only as defined by the rules.  A judicial case's subclass
      CAN be specified by its initiator, or otherwise defaults to
      inquiry.

and by replacing this text:

      Judicial cases other than appeal cases have ID numbers, to be
      assigned by the Clerk of the Courts.

with this text:

      Judicial cases (other than appeal cases, which have historically
      been identified by reference to the prior case) have ID numbers,
      to be assigned by the Clerk of the Courts.

[If you fail to meet the requirements for initiating a judicial case of
the subclass you claim, then you fail to initiate the case.  Explain why
appeal cases don't have ID numbers, for the benefit of new players.]

Amend Rule 1868 (Judge Assignment Generally) to read:

      At any time, a judicial case either has no judge assigned to it
      (default) or has exactly one entity assigned to it as judge.  This
      is a persistent status that changes only according to the rules.

      At any time, a judicial case either does not require a judge
      (default) or requires a judge.  This is not a persistent status,
      but is evaluated instantaneously.

      When a judicial case requires a judge and has no judge assigned,
      the CotC CAN assign a qualified entity to be its judge by
      announcement, and SHALL do so as soon as possible.

      The entities qualified to be assigned as judge of a judicial case
      are the active first-class players, subject to modification by
      other rules.  Being unqualified to be assigned as a judge does
      not inherently prevent an entity from continuing to be judge of a
      case to which e is already assigned.

      When a player is poorly qualified to be assigned as judge of a
      judicial case, the Clerk of the Courts SHALL not assign em to be
      the judge of that case; if e has done so, and that player is
      still the judge of that case, then e CAN recuse that judge from
      that case by announcement.

      Making an entity unqualified or poorly qualified to judge is
      secured, with a power threshold of 1.5.

      To recuse a judge from a case is to deassign em as its
      judge.  Assigning a judge to a case implicitly recuses its
      existing judge, if any.  A recusal is "with cause" if and only
      if stated as such by the rules.

[Reorganization and minor language cleanup.]

Amend Rule 2158 (Judicial Questions) to read:

      A judicial question is a question that arises within a judicial
      case.  Judicial questions arise only as defined by the rules.

      At any time, each judicial question is either inapplicable
      (default) or applicable.  This is not a persistent status, but
      is evaluated instantaneously.

      At any time, each judicial question is either open (default),
      suspended, or has exactly one judgement.  This is a persistent
      status that changes only according to the rules.  The possible
      types of judgement for a judicial question depend on the type
      of question.

      When a judicial question is applicable and open, its case
      requires a judge.

      When a judicial question is applicable and open, and its case
      has a judge assigned to it, the judge CAN assign a valid
      judgement to it by announcement, and SHALL assign an appropriate
      judgement to it as soon as possible.  A judgement is valid and/or
      appropriate only as defined by the rules.  If more than one
      judgement is valid and appropriate, then the choice between them
      is left to the judge's discretion.

      When a judicial question is applicable and open, and its case
      has the same judge assigned to it, continuously for one week,
      the Clerk of the Courts CAN recuse that judge with cause by
      announcement.  When these conditions have all held continuously
      for two weeks, the Clerk of the Courts SHALL so recuse that
      judge as soon as possible.

[Reorganization and minor language cleanup.]