ID: 5323
Title: No decay!
Author: pikhq
Co-authors: avpx
Adoption index: 1

avpx is a coauthor of this proposal.
Interest index of 2.
Adoption index of 2.
Amend rule 2126 to read:
      Voting Credits (VCs) are a class of fixed assets that can be
      used to affect voting limits on ordinary proposals.  Changes to
      VC holdings are secured.  Ownership of VCs is restricted to
      players.

      Each VC has exactly one color.  Colors with different names are
      distinct, regardless of spectral proximity.  Each color of VC is
      a currency.  If a player is meant to lose a VC of a color that e
      does not possess, then e loses a VC of eir Party's color
      instead; if e has no VCs at all, then the loss is waived (you
      can't get blood from a turnip).

      The Assessor is the recordkeepor of VCs.

      VCs are gained and lost as follows:

      (+R) When an interested proposal is adopted, its proposer gains
           a number of Red VCs equal to the proposal's adoption index
           times its interest index (rounded down to the nearest
           integer), minus the number of Red VCs that e has gained in
           this way earlier in the same week (down to a minimum of
           zero), and each coauthor named in the proposal gains one
           Red VC unless e gained a VC in this way earlier in the same
           week.

      (-R) When a proposal's voting index is less than half its
           adoption index, its proposer loses one Red VC, unless e
           lost a VC in this way earlier in the same week.

      (+O) When an interested proposal is adopted by voting with no
           valid votes AGAINST, its proposer gains one orange VC
           unless e gained a VC in this way earlier in the same week.

      (-O) When an interested proposal is rejected by voting with no
           valid votes FOR, and having met quorum, its proposer loses
           one orange VC, unless e lost a VC in this way earlier in
           the same week.

      (+G) At the end of each month, for each office with a report,
           the player (if any) who held that office for the majority
           of that month gains two Green VCs (if the office has a
           weekly report) or one Green VC (if it has only a monthly
           report), unless another person deputised for that office
           while that player held that office during that month.

      (-G) At the end of each month, for each office, for each player
           who has held that office during that month, if another
           person deputised for that office while that player held
           that office during that month then that player loses one
           Green VC.

      (+C) When a player deputises for an office e gains one cyan VC,
           unless someone previously gained a VC in this manner for
           the same office in the same month.

      (+B) When a player assigns a judgement to a judicial question
           other than a question on sentencing, and has not violated a
           requirement to submit that judgement within a time limit, e
           gains one blue VC.

      (-B) A player who is recused from a judicial case with cause
           loses one Blue VC.  A player who is the prior judge in an
           appeal case where a judgement other than AFFIRM is assigned
           to the question on disposition loses one Blue VC.

      (+K) When a player assigns a judgement to a judicial question on
           sentencing, and has not violated a requirement to submit
           that judgement within a time limit, e gains one black VC.

      (-K) In a criminal case, when a sentence becomes active for the
           first time the defendant loses one black VC.

      (+W) When a first-class person becomes a player and has never
           been a player before, e gains one white VC.  When a
           first-class person has been a player continuously for 100
           days and has never been a player before that period, e
           gains one white VC.

      (+M) When, during Agora's birthday, a player publicly
           acknowledges the occasion, e gains one magenta VC, unless e
           previously gained a VC in this manner during the same
           birthday.

      (+U) When a player wins the game, e gains two ultraviolet VCs.

      (+V) When a person is awarded a patent title, e gains one violet
           VC, unless e gained a VC in this way earlier in the same
           month.

      (-V) When a person has a patent title revoked from em, and the
           instrument that authorises the revocation does not describe
           the revocation as administrative, e loses one violet VC.

      (+I) When a person is awarded a patent title that is a degree, e
           gains a number of indigo VCs.  The number depends on the
           rank of the degree: it is two for the lowest rank, four for
           the next, and so on increasing by two per rank, up to a
           maximum of twelve for the sixth and higher ranks.  If the
           rank of the degree is not adequately defined to apply this
           rule then the number is two.

      (+Y) At the end of each month, for each contest that awarded
           points to at least three different contestants during that
           month, the contestmaster gains one Yellow VC.

      VCs may be spent as follows, by announcement (INVALID unless the
      color is specified):

      a) A player may spend N VCs of different colors to increase
         another player's VVLOP by N/2, rounded down to the nearest integer.

      b) A player may spend N VCs of different colors to increase
         eir own VVLOP by N/3, rounded down to the nearest integer.

      c) A player may spend N VCs of different colors to decrease
         another player's VVLOP by N/2 (to a minimum of zero), rounded down to
         the nearest integer.

      d) A player may spend N+2 VCs of different colors to multiply
         another player's VVLOP by (10-N)/10, where 1 <= N <= 10.

      e) A player may spend two VCs of the same color to make another
         player gain one VC of that color.

      z) If this rule mentions at least six different specific colors
         for VCs, a player may spend one VC of each such color to win
         the game.

      When a game win occurs, each player's VVLOP is set to eir BVLOP.

[Remove monthly decay. Make changing VVLOPs harder, to prevent the potential
hoarding of VCs harder to abuse.]