ID: 5328
Title: First-class contests
Author: Goethe
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1

Final version:
    - Went back to contestmaster model, first-class players only;
    - Contract may change freely (subnomics allowed), but added a
      requirement of public posting of public contract changes.
      Allows for speedy changes, but still public review.  A quick
      contest change from a  "real contest" to a scam probably results
      in the scammers getting a week's worth of points, then the
      non-scammers decertifying the contest.  Necessary and hopefully
      minor evil.

Amend Rule 2136 (Contests) to read:

      A first-class player who is a member of an existing public contract
      CAN make the contract into a Contest, with emself as the sole
      contestmaster, without 3 objections, provided e is not the
      contestmaster of another contest.  Another first-class player
      who is a member may replace the current contestmaster as the sole
      contestmaster without 3 objections, but only as explicitly
      described in the contest regulations and provided e is not the
      contestmaster of another contest.

      Any player may make a contest cease to be a contest without 3
      objections.  Players SHOULD decide on whether a contract deserves
      to be a contest based on its fairness or interest to players as
      a whole.

      The total number of points a Contest MAY award in a given week
      is equal to 5 times the number of its members that are first-
      class players.  Points up to this total CAN be awarded by the
      contestmaster to other members by public announcement, and MUST
      be awarded as explicitly described in the contract.

Create the following rule, "Public Contracts":

      A member of a contract CAN identify the contract as a public
      contract by publishing its text with a notice of intent
      from the contract be a public contract.  The notice of
      intent MUST consist of one or more of:
         (a) a clause in the contract identifying it as public;
         (b) a notice indicating unanimous consent of members
             that the contract be public;
         (c) a notice published without objection of its members,
             that the contract be public.
      If the text of a potential contract is published by a person
      with a clear indication that the contract will be public when
      it forms, then it becomes public immediately upon becoming
      a contract.

      Changes in the text of a public contract do not become
      effective until they are published.

[ No longer need to Amend Rule 1742 (Contracts) by deleting the text,
  as its useful to keep the public/private distinction in that generic
  contract rule. ]

[Isolate points into their own rule]

Create  a Rule entitled "Points" with the following text:

      Points are a class of fixed assets.  Ownership of points is
      restricted to players.

      Points are a currency.  The number of points owned by a player
      is eir score.

      The Scorekeepor is a high-priority office, and the recordkeepor
      of points.

      A player with 100 or more points may win the game by announcing
      this fact.  Upon such an announcement, each player's score is
      set to zero.


All points awarded by contests since November 18, 2007, for which
the contestmaster and the awardee were not both first-class players,
are hereby revoked, and all wins, patent titles, or other winning
privileges resulting from said points are hereby revoked.