ID: 5329
Title: Sweeping partnerships under the rug
Author: root
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

Upon adoption of this proposal, all players who are not first-class
are deregistered.

Repeal Rule 2144 (Limited Partnerships).
Repeal Rule 2145 (Partnerships).

Amend Rule 869 (How to Join and Leave Agora) by deleting the text
reading:

      A player who is not a person and has never been a first-class
      person CAN be deregistered by any player by announcement.


Amend Rule 2150 (Personhood) to read:

      A person is an entity that has the general capacity to be the
      subject of rights and obligations under the rules.  Any
      biological organism that is capable of communicating by email in
      English is a person.  Nothing else is a person.

      All players are first-class.


Amend Rule 1728 (Dependent Actions) by deleting the text
"first-class".

If Proposal 5313 was adopted, then amend the rule titled "States and
Districts" by replacing the text:

        d) A district baseline (DB), which is five if the state's
           representative is a first-class player, zero otherwise.

        e) A district minimum (DM), which is one if the state's
           representative is a first-class player, zero otherwise.

with:

        d) A district baseline (DB), which is five.

        e) A district minimum (DM), which is one.


Otherwise, amend Rule 2156 (Voting on Ordinary Proposals) by
replacing this text:

      Each player has a parameter known as eir base voting limit on
      ordinary proposals (BVLOP).  The BVLOP of a first-class player
      is four, and the BVLOP of any other player is zero.  BVLOP
      cannot be modified.

with:

      Each player has a parameter known as eir base voting limit on
      ordinary proposals (BVLOP).  The BVLOP of each player is four.
      BVLOP cannot be modified.


Amend Rule 2126 (Voting Credits) by deleting each instance of the text
"first-class".

Amend Rule 1868 (Judge Assignment Generally) by deleting the text
"first-class".

Amend Rule 2136 (Contests) by deleting the text "First-class" and the
text "first-class".

Amend Rule 2174 (Aliens) by deleting the text "the basis of".