ID: 5344
Title: Quality Judge Assignment
Author: BobTHJ
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

Replace the last three paragraphs of R1868 with:
{{
Except where modified by other rules, the entities qualified to be
assigned as judge of a judicial case are the active players.  Being
unqualified to be assigned as a judge does not
inherently prevent an entity from continuing to be judge if already
assigned. The CotC SHALL NOT knowingly assign a judge to a case whose
Quality for that case is at least 3 less than another eligible judge.
}}

Rename R1871 to "Judicial Quality" and amend it to read:
{{
Elevation is an integer value with a default value of 0. Each natural
person has an Elevation value, and a natural person MAY set
eir Elevation to 0 by announcement. The CotC's report includes the
Elevation of each person whose Elevation value is not 0.

Eagerness is an switch with integer values from 0 to 10 (inclusive),
and a default
value of 0. A first-class player MAY set eir Eagerness to any
valid value by announcement. The CotC's report includes the Eagerness
of each player.

Quality is a number determined for each eligible judge in a judicial
case. The Quality of a candidate judge on any given case is equal to
that candidate's Elevation, subject to modification by other rules.

When the CotC assigns an entity as a judge of a judicial case, that
entity's Elevation is reduced by 3, except as described in the next
sentence. If the CotC assigns an entity consecutively to more than one judicial
case in the same announcements, and indicates in that announcement
that these are linked assignments, the entity's Elevation is reduced by
2+N, where N is the number of consecutive cases they have just been
assigned to.

Whenever an active player with a positive Eagerness has Elevation less than or
equal to 0, the Elevation of each active player is increased by eir
Eagerness.

When the CotC recuses an entity with cause e may reduce eir Elevation by
an amount up to 20 by
announcement within one week. In addition, if that entity is a Player,
the CotC may set eir Eagerness to 0.

A Player that has been recused from a case (for any
reason) has eir Quality reduced by 15 for that case.
}}

Create a rule titled "Plural Judges" with the text:
{{
An entity comprised of two or more member persons which is an eligible
judge is a plural judge. For the purposes of this rule, the parties to
a partnership agreement are considered to be its members.
The Quality of a plural judge is equal to the average of the Quality
of each of its members. If a plural judge would have its Elevation
increased or reduced, that increase or reduction is divided equally
among each of its members (rounded to the nearest integer). If a
plural judge would receive a Quality adjustment in a particular case,
that Quality adjustment is divided equally among each of its members.
}}

Amend R591 by replacing:
{{
   The initiator is unqualified to be assigned as judge of the
   case, and in the initiating announcement e CAN disqualify one
   person from assignment as judge of the case.
}}
with:
{{
The Quality of the initiator of a judicial case is reduced by
15 for that case. In the initiating announcement the initiator CAN specify one
person whose Quality is reduced by 10 for that case.
}}

Amend R1504 by replacing:
{{
The initiator and defendant are each unqualified to be assigned
   as judge of the case.  During the pre-trial phase, the defendant
   CAN disqualify one person from assignment as judge of the case,
   by announcement.  If e disqualifies the judge, then the judge is
   recused.
}}
with:
{{
The Quality of the initiator of a criminal case is reduced by 10 for
that case, and the
Quality of the defendant is reduced by 20 for that case. During the
pre-trial phase,
the Defendant CAN name one person whose Quality is reduced by 10 for that case.
}}

Amend R2169 by replacing:
{{
The parties to the contract are all unqualified to be assigned
   as judge of the case.
}}
with:
{{
The parties to the contract in an equity case have their Quality
reduced by 10 for that case with the exception of the initiator who
has eir Quality
reduced by 15 for that case.
}}

In R911 replace the third paragraph with:
{{
The entities qualified to be assigned as a judge of an appeal case are
the judicial panels consisting of three members, where each of the
members is qualified to be assigned as judge of the prior case. For
the purposes of
determining judge
eligibility in appeal cases:
* The prior judge of the case has eir Quality reduced by 20 for that case.
* The Player who called for appeal has eir Quality reduced by 10 for that case.
* Any Player who supported or objected to the call for appeal has eir
Quality reduced by 5 for that case.
}}