ID: 5366
Title: Return of Titles
Author: pikhq
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1

Create the following rule:
        Each person has one or more Referential Title. Each person ought to be
        referred to by one of eir Referential Titles. Each Referential Title has
        "H." or "Honorable" within it for those persons who have been players.

        The Speaker has a Referential Title of "Right Honorable".

        Each patent title is part of a Referential Title of anyone who has the
        patent title in question. Each party is part of a Referential Title of anyone
        who has the party in question. Each office is part of a Referential Title of
        anyone who has the office in question. Each person who has never been a
        player has, as Referential Titles, either "Non-Agoran" or any sufficiently
        insulting term.

        Each foreign Nomic which is not a protectorate, and has never been a player,
        has, as a Referential Title, any sufficiently insulting term. Each foreign
        Nomic which is a protectorate has, as a Referential Title, "Worthy
        Protectorate" or "W. Protectorate".

        The Ambassador MAY recommend a preferred Referential Title for a foreign
        nomic or any person who has never been a player. Players ought to use this in
        preference to other suitable Referantial Titles. Such Referential Titles
        declared by the current Ambassador are part of the Ambassador's report.

[Examples: Suffusion of Yellow Rishonomic, Non-Agoran Steve Wallace,
           W. Protectorate Foo Bar Baz, H. White avpx, H. Gray Agora's Child
           H. Ambassador Pikhq, Right Honorable Levi
]

If the proposal "We're All Mad!" by pikhq is adopted, then replace all
references to "has never been a player" to "is Sane", and replace all
references to "have been players" with "are Mad".
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Upon adoption of this proposal, the Ambassador recommends the Referential
Title of "Suffusion of Yellow" to our former enemy Rishonomic.