ID: 5393
Title: Foreign trade
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

Create a rule titled "Cimons" with this text:

      Cimons are a currency, tracked by the Ambassador.  Ownership of
      cimons is restricted to players (from Agora's perspective).

      The Ambassador SHOULD encourage foreign nomics interested in trade
      with Agora to adopt rules recognizing the export of cimons, e.g.
      by converting them to a comparable currency native to that nomic.

Create a rule titled "Currency Exchange Office" with Power 2 and
this text:

      A player CAN spend N+1 VCs of different colors to gain N cimons.

      A player CAN spend N+1 cimons to gain N VCs of a color that e
      gained within the past week.

Create a rule titled "Pier 6" with this text:

      A player CAN export cimons to a foreign nomic (destroying them,
      from Agora's perspective) by announcement.  E SHALL inform that
      nomic of the export as soon as possible.

      When a foreign nomic imports N units (N > 0) of a foreign currency
      to Agora, specifying exactly one Agoran player as the recipient:

        a) If the rules do not specify a positive exchange rate for that
           foreign currency, then the foreign currency is politely
           accepted and made into bead necklaces.

        b) Otherwise, the specified player gains floor(N*R) cimons,
           where R is the exchange rate for that foreign currency (i.e.
           the number of cimons that one unit of that foreign currency
           is worth).  However, if this would result in more than 10
           cimons being gained from imports within a single Agoran
           week, then the excess is impounded by the customs office
           (destroyed, from Agora's perspective) to prevent
           hyperinflation.

      An announcement claiming that such an import has occurred is
      self-ratifying.

Create a rule titled "Trade Embargo" with this text:

      A player SHALL NOT export cimons to a foreign nomic unless its
      Recognition is Protected, Friendly, or Neutral.

Create a rule titled "Cimons are not for domestic use" with this text:

      A player SHALL NOT spend other assets to gain cimons, except for
      the purpose of exporting those cimons.

      A player SHALL NOT transfer cimons to another player, except for
      the purpose of collecting cimons for simultaneous export, or
      distributing imported cimons as requested by the foreign nomic
      at the time of import.

Create a rule titled "Current Exchange Rates" with this text:

      The exchange rate for B Nomic's Mackerel is 1/50.