ID: 5394
Title: Structured victory
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: Eris, OscarMeyr, Zefram
Adoption index: 3

Eris, OscarMeyr, and Zefram are co-authors of this proposal.

Create a rule titled "Victory" with Power 2 and this text:

      Winning Conditions and Losing Conditions exist only as defined
      by rules.  Defining these things is secured.

      A win announcement is a correct announcement explicitly labeled
      as a win announcement.

      When one or more persons satisfy at least one Winning Condition
      and do not satisfy any Losing Conditions, all such persons win
      the game.  This is the only way to win the game, rules to the
      contrary notwithstanding.

      Each Winning Condition should (if needed) specify a cleanup
      procedure to prevent an arbitrary number of wins arising from
      essentially the same conditions.  When one or more persons win
      the game, for each Winning Condition satisfied by at least one
      of those persons, its cleanup procedure occurs.

Amend Rule 2110 (Win by Paradox) to read:

      Upon a judicial finding that the possibility or legality of a
      rule-defined action (actual or hypothetical, but not arising
      from that case itself, and not occurring after the initiation
      of that case) is UNDECIDABLE, the initiator satisfies the
      Winning Condition of Paradox.

      Cleanup procedure:  Each winner satisfying this Winning Condition
      SHALL, as soon as possible, make a reasonable attempt to resolve
      the paradox.

Change the title of Rule 2134 to "Win by Clout", change its Power to 2,
and amend it to read:

      Upon a win announcement that a specified player's voting limit
      on an ordinary proposal distributed at that time would exceed
      the combined voting limits of all other players on that proposal,
      the specified player satisfies the Winning Condition of Clout.

      Cleanup procedure:  Each player's VVLOP is set to eir BVLOP, and
      no player satisfies this Winning Condition again (the remainder
      of this rule notwithstanding) until after the next time that each
      player's EVLOP is set based on eir VVLOP.

Amend Rule 2126 (Voting Credits) by replacing this text:

      z) If this rule mentions at least six different specific colors
         for VCs, a player may spend one VC of each such color to win
         the game.

      When a game win occurs, each player's VVLOP is set to eir BVLOP.

with this text:

      z) If this rule mentions at least six different specific colors
         for VCs, then a player may spend one VC of each such color to
         satisfy the Winning Condition of Renaissance.

Amend Rule 2179 (Points) by removing this text:

      A player with 100 or more points may win the game by announcing
      this fact.  Upon such an announcement, each player's score is
      set to zero.

Create a rule titled "Win by High Score" with Power 2 and this text:

      Upon a win announcement that one or more players have a score of
      at least 100 (specifying all such players), all those players
      satisfy the Winning Condition of High Score.

      Cleanup procedure:  Each player's score is set to 0.

Create a rule titled "Win by Proposal" with Power 2 and this text:

      Upon the adoption of a proposal awarding a win to one or more
      persons, all those persons satisfy the Winning Condition of
      Legislation.

Create a rule titled "Win by Extortion" with Power 2 and this text:

      Upon a player acting on behalf of Agora to award a win to one or
      more persons, all those persons satisfy the Winning Condition of
      Extortion.

Create a rule titled "Crime Doesn't Pay" with Power 2 and this text:

      Being in exile is a Losing Condition.

      Being in the chokey is a Losing Condition.