ID: 5404
Title: Synaesthesia v1.3
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: pikhq, root
Adoption index: 2

pikhq and root are co-authors of this proposal.

Change the title of Rule 2126 to "Ribbons", and amend it to read:

      Ribbons are a class of fixed assets.  Changes to Ribbon holdings
      are secured.  Ownership of Ribbons is restricted to players.

      Each Ribbon has exactly one color.  Colors with different names
      are distinct, regardless of spectral proximity.  Each color of
      Ribbon is a currency.

      The Tailor is a low-priority office, and the recordkeepor of
      Ribbons.

      Ribbons are gained as follows, unless the player already
      possesses the color of Ribbon to be gained:

      (+R) When an interested proposal is adopted and changes at least
           one rule with Power >= 3, its proposer gains a Red Ribbon.

      (+O) When an interested proposal is adopted by voting with no
           valid votes AGAINST, its proposer gains an Orange Ribbon.

      (+G) At the end of each month, each player who held at least one
           office continuously during that month gains a Green Ribbon,
           unless e violated a requirement to submit a report within a
           time limit.

      (+C) When a player deputises for an office, e gains a Cyan Ribbon.

      (+B) When a player assigns a judgement to a judicial question
           other than a question on sentencing, e gains a Blue Ribbon,
           unless e violated a requirement to submit that judgement
           within a time limit.

      (+K) When a player assigns a judgement to a judicial question on
           sentencing, e gains a Black Ribbon, unless e violated a
           requirement to submit that judgement within a time limit.

      (+W) When a first-class person becomes a player for the first
           time, e gains a White Ribbon.  When a first-class person
           has been a player continuously for at least three months,
           was never a player before that period, and names another
           first-class player as eir mentor (and has not named a
           mentor in this fashion before), that player gains a White
           Ribbon.

      (+M) When, during Agora's birthday, a player publicly acknowledges
           the occasion, e gains a Magenta Ribbon.

      (+U) When a player is awarded the Patent Title Champion, e gains
           an Ultraviolet Ribbon.

      (+V) When a player is awarded a Patent Title, e gains a Violet
           Ribbon, unless e gains a different Ribbon for the award.

      (+I) When a player is awarded a degree, e gains an Indigo Ribbon.

      (+Y) At the end of each month, for each contest that awarded
           points to at least three different contestants during that
           month, the contestmaster gains a Yellow Ribbon.

      If this rule mentions at least six different specific colors
      for Ribbons, then a player CAN destroy one Ribbon of each such
      color in eir possession to satisfy the Winning Condition of
      Renaissance.

If "Structured Victory" has not been adopted, then amend Rule 2126 by
replacing "satisfy the Winning Condition of Renaissance" with "win the
game".

Upon the adoption of this proposal, for each color of Ribbon, each
player who owned at least one VC of that color immediately before the
adoption of this proposal gains that color of Ribbon.

Create a rule titled "Notes" with Power 2 and this text:

      Notes are a class of fixed assets.  Ownership of Notes is
      restricted to players.  Changes to Note holdings are secured.

      Each Note has exactly one pitch from the chromatic scale (ignoring
      octaves, and treating enharmonics as equivalent).  Each pitch of
      Note is a currency.

      The Conductor is an office, and the recordkeepor of Notes.

      Notes are gained as follows:

        (1) At the end of each week, for each player, let X be the
            number of eir proposals that were adopted during that
            week, and let Y be the number of eir interested quorate
            proposals that were rejected during that week with
            VI >= AI/2:

            (F)  If X > Y > 0, then e gains an F Note.
            (F#) If X > Y = 0, then e gains an F# Note.
            (G)  If X = Y > 0, then e gains a G Note.
            (Ab) If Y > X = 0, then e gains an Ab Note.
            (A)  If Y > X > 0, then e gains an A Note.

        (2) (E)  At the end of each week, each player who published
                 at least one weekly report during that week gains
                 an E Note.

            (Eb) At the end of each month, each player who published
                 at least one monthly report during that month gains
                 an Eb Note.

        (3) (D)  At the end of each week, each player who published
                 at least one on-time judgement during that week gains
                 a D Note.

        (4) (C)  At the end of each week, each player who gained at
                 least one Point during that week gains a C Note.

            (C#) At the end of each week, each contestmaster who
                 awarded at least one Point during that week gains
                 a C# Note.

      Notes CAN be spent (destroyed) as follows:

        (1) A player CAN spend three Notes forming a major chord to
            increase another player's VVLOP by 1.

        (2) A player CAN spend five Notes forming the start of a major
            scale to increase eir own VVLOP by 1.

        (3) A player CAN spend three Notes forming a minor chord to
            decrease another player's VVLOP by 1.

        (4) A player CAN spend two Notes of the same pitch to make
            another player gain one Note of that pitch.

        (5) During Agora's Birthday, a player CAN spend Notes forming
            the melody "Happy Birthday" (GGAGCB GGAGDC GGGECBA FFECDC
            or a translation thereof) to satisfy the Winning Condition
            of Musicianship, unless another player has already done so
            during that Birthday.

If "Structured Victory" has not been adopted, then amend the Rule
"Notes" by replacing "satisfy the Winning Condition of Musicianship"
with "win the game".

[Future proposals can define ways to gain Bb and B.]

Create a rule titled "Rests" with Power 2 and this text:

      Rests are a fixed currency.  Ownership of Rests is restricted
      to players.  Changes to Rest holdings are secured.

      The Conductor is the recordkeepor of Notes.

      Whenever a player possesses a Rest, the Conductor CAN destroy
      it and award a Note of random pitch to that player, and SHALL
      do so as soon as possible.

      Upon a correct announcement by the Conductor that no player
      possesses a Rest, this rule is repealed.

Upon the adoption of this proposal, each player gains a number of
Rests equal to the number of VCs e possessed immediately before the
adoption of this proposal.

[Rests might be re-used later, if someone can think of a good way to
add durations to the system.]

Repeal Rule 2155 (Parties).

Amend Rule 1504 (Criminal Cases) by replacing the paragraph containing
"FINE" with this text:

      * FINE, appropriate for rule breaches of small consequence.  When
        in effect, the ninny SHALL within 72 hours destroy one of eir
        Notes.  The ninny is only obliged to perform one destruction
        per question on sentencing, even if sentences of this type are
        assigned more than once or go into effect more than once.

Repeal Rules 2182 (Making Wagers) and 2183 (Resolving Wagers).