ID: 5418
Title: Refactor Chamber
Author: root
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3

[Chamber is a property of decisions, not proposals.]


Amend Rule 106 (Adopting Proposals) by replacing this text:

      Determining whether to adopt a proposal is an Agoran decision.
      For this decision, the available options are FOR, AGAINST, and
      PRESENT, and the adoption index is the adoption index of the
      proposal.

      The adoption index of a proposal is an integral multiple of 0.1,
      with a minimum value of 1.0.  It may be set by the proposer at
      the time of submission, or otherwise defaults to 1.0.  A
      Proposal with an Adoption Index of less than 2 is Ordinary.  All
      other Proposals are Democratic.

with:

      The adoption index of a proposal is an integral multiple of 0.1,
      with a minimum value of 1.0.  It may be set by the proposer at
      the time of submission, or otherwise defaults to 1.0.

      Determining whether to adopt a proposal is an Agoran decision.
      For this decision, the adoption index is the adoption index of
      the proposal.


Enact a rule with Power=3, titled "Standard Classes of Agoran
Decisions" and reading as follows:

      An Agoran decision with an adoption index is either ordinary or
      democratic.  An Agoran decision with an adoption index greater
      than or equal to 2 is democratic.  Any other Agoran decision
      with an adoption index is ordinary by default.

      If an Agoran decision has an adoption index, the message by
      which it is initiated MUST include the following information:

      a) Its adoption index.
      b) Whether it is ordinary or democratic.

      For any Agoran decision with an adoption index, the available
      options are FOR, AGAINST, and PRESENT.


Amend Rule 1607 (The Promotor) by replacing this text:

      b) Its adoption index.
      c) Whether it is ordinary or democratic.
      d) Whether it is interested or disinterested.

with:

      b) Whether it is interested or disinterested.


Amend Rule 1950 by retitling it "Voting on Democratic Decisions", and
by replacing each instance of the word "proposal" with "decision".


Amend Rule 2156 by retitling it "Voting on Ordinary Decisions", and by
replacing each instance from the following list of words as indicated:

      * "proposal" with "decision";
      * "proposals" with "decisions";
      * "BVLOP" with "BVLOD";
      * "VVLOP" with "VVLOD";
      * "EVLOP" with "EVLOD";


Amend Rule 2134 (Win by Clout) by replacing each instance from the
following list of words as indicated:

      * "proposal" with "decision";
      * "distributed" with "initiated";
      * "BVLOP" with "BVLOD";
      * "VVLOP" with "VVLOD";
      * "EVLOP" with "EVLOD";


Amend Rule 2019 (Prerogatives) by replacing each instance of
"ordinary proposal" with "ordinary decision".


Amend Rule 955 (Determining the Will of Agora) by replacing this text:

      (b) If the decision is whether to adopt a proposal, then the
          voting index is the ratio of the strength of FOR to the
          strength of AGAINST.

with:

      (b) If the decision is ordinary or democratic, then the voting
          index is the ratio of the strength of FOR to the strength of
          AGAINST.


Amend Rule 2142 (Support Democracy) to read:

      A player CAN, with 2 support, change an ordinary decision to be
      democratic.