ID: 5421
Title: Refactoring Contracts
Author: woggle
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1.5

Amend rule 1742 to read:

    Contracts are binding agreements governed by the rules. Any
    agreement made by one or more persons with the intention that it be
    binding on them and governed by the rules is a contract (unless it
    would automatically terminate as a contract).

    A contract automatically terminates if the number of parties to it
    falls below the minimum number of parties defined by the rules for
    that contract. If not otherwise specified, the minimum number of
    parties is two. If other rules specify different minimum number of
    parties for a contract, then the largest such number takes
    precedence.

    Parties to a contract SHALL act in accordance with that
    contract. This obligation is not impaired by contradiction
    between the contract and any other contract, or between the
    contract and the rules.

[The minimum party count preedence rule doesn't actually change anything now
because of how the pledge, location, and contest rules take precedence over
each at the moment.]

Enact a new rule titled "Defining Contract Changes", with Power 1.5:

    A Contract Change can be one or more of any of the following:

    (a) a person who intends to be bound by a contract becoming a party
        to the contract;

    (b) a person ceasing to be a party to the contract;

    (c) amending a contract; and

    (d) terminating a contract

    If a Contract Change is ambiguous or the its permissability
    cannot be determined with certainty at the time it is attempted,
    then that change has no effect.

[Prevent annoyances like "This contract CAN be amended by announcement
if Goldbach's Conjecture is true."]

Enact a new rule titled "Making Contract Changes", with Power 1.5:

    If a contract specifies a mechanism by which Contract Changes to
    it can be performed, then such changes CAN be performed using that
    mechanism.

    If a contract does not purport to regulate becoming a party to it,
    than any person CAN become a party to it by announcement.

    If the minimum number of parties for a contract is at least two,
    then Contract Changes CAN be made to it by agreement between all
    the parties to the contract. Otherwise, any party to the contract
    CAN make Contract Changes to that contract without Objection if,
    before the dependant action is resolved, no party blocks the change
    by announcement.

[Blocking needed to prevent non-player parties or non-first-class parties from
being screwed over.]

Amend rule 2191 by removing the text:

    A pledge CAN be modified or terminated by any party without
    objection.