ID: 5423
Title: Refactoring Contracts II
Author: woggle
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1.5

Amend rule 1742 to read:
  Contracts are binding agreements governed by the rules. Any
  agreement made by one or more persons with the intention that it be
  binding on them and governed by the rules is a contract (unless it
  would automatically terminate as a contract).

  A contract automatically terminates if the number of parties to it
  falls below the number of parties the rules require for the contract.
    If other rules do not specify such a number for a contract, then a
    contract requires at least two parties.

  Parties to a contract SHALL act in accordance with that
  contract. This obligation is not impaired by contradiction
  between the contract and any other contract, or between the
  contract and the rules.

Amend rule 2191 by replacing the text:
    The minimum number of parties for a pledge is one.
with:
    A pledge requires at least one party.

Amend rule 2136 by replacing the text:
    The minimum number of parties for a contest is one.
with:
    A contest requires at least one party.

Amend rule 2180 by replacing the text:
    The minimum number of parties for a location is zero.
with:
    A location requires at least zero parties.

If there is no rule titled "Defining Contract Changes", enact a new rule
titled "Defining Contract Changes", with Power 1.5:

  A Contract Change can be one or more of any of the following:

  (a) a person who intends to be bound by a contract becoming a party
    to the contract;

  (b) a person ceasing to be a party to the contract;

  (c) amending a contract; and

  (d) terminating a contract

  If a Contract Change is ambiguous or the its permissability
  cannot be determined with certainty at the time it is attempted,
  then that change has no effect.

If there is no rule titled "Making Contract Changes", then enact a new rule
titled "Making Contract Changes", with Power 1.5:

  If a contract specifies a mechanism by which Contract Changes to
  it can be performed, then such changes CAN be performed using that
  mechanism.

  If a contract does not purport to regulate becoming a party to it,
  than any person CAN become a party to it by announcement.

  If the minimum number of parties for a contract is at least two,
  then Contract Changes CAN be made to it by agreement between all
  the parties to the contract. Otherwise, any party to the contract
  CAN make Contract Changes to that contract without Objection if,
  before the dependant action is resolved, no party blocks the change
  by announcement.

Amend rule 2191 by removing the text:

  A pledge CAN be modified or terminated by any party without
  objection.