ID: 5433
Title: Domestic Trade
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

Amend Rule 2166 (Assets) by appending this text to the paragraph
beginning "An asset generally CAN be destroyed":

      To "spend" an asset is to destroy it from one's possession
      for exactly one purpose as explicitly allowed by its backing
      document; if the purpose is unsuccessful, then the asset is
      not destroyed.

Create a rule titled "Currency Exchange" with Power 2 and this text:

      Each ordered pair of currencies (source, destination) has a
      non-negative conversion factor, defaulting to zero.  If the
      source and destination are the same, or if either currency's
      backing document is neither the rules nor a public contract,
      then the conversion factor is zero and CANNOT be changed.

      The Accountor's report includes a list of all non-zero
      conversion factors.

      If a conversion factor (F) is positive, then a player CAN spend
      N units of the source currency to gain N*F units of the
      destination currency, unless the number of units of the source
      currency e has previously spent in this way in the same week is
      greater than or equal to the source currency's conversion limit
      (if any).  A claim to have gained currency in this way is
      self-ratifying; however, if it is later discovered that the
      claim was incorrect prior to self-ratification, then the player
      SHALL destroy N units of the source currency as soon as possible.

      When the text of a public contract changes, each currency backed
      by that contract has a conversion limit of zero for one week
      afterward.

      The Accountor CAN change a conversion factor with Agoran Consent,
      provided that the new conversion factor times the converse
      conversion factor (with source and destination reversed) would
      not exceed 1.

Create a rule titled "Cimons" with this text:

      Cimons are a currency.  The recordkeepor of cimons is the
      Accountor.  Ownership of cimons is restricted to players.

      The purpose of Cimons is to establish a convenient standard of
      value for currency exchange.

Upon the adoption of this proposal, the following conversion factors
are set to the following values:

  * F(Cimon, Bb Note) = F(Cimon, B Note) = 1/100
  * F(Bb Note, Cimon) = F(B Note, Cimon) = 86