ID: 5441
Title: Satisfaction v2
Author: Goethe
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3

Satisfaction
[v2:  Introduced "executor" terminology, useful elsewhere.  Used it
      to fix second-class issues, for now keeping their ability to
      perform the actions.  Made other clean-ups noted by Murphy.
]

Murphy is the coauthor of this proposal.

PREAMBLE

Dependent Actions used to be a subclass of ACTION, not a subclass of
DECISION.  Actions are quick.  Dependent actions were a little less so,
but still ACTIONS, free of the cumbersome burden of Decision reporting.

At it worked.  Limited scamming, and limited mistakes.

The current method of generalizing dependent actions into being
cumbersome Decisions, then sprinkling exceptions throughout the rules
(for quorum etc.) to make them slightly less cumbersome, makes no sense.

And if it Makes No Sense, Ladies and Gentlemen, you must aqui^H^H^H^Hrepeal.

This proposal goes back to the non-broken Old Way.  It is based on the
December 2006 version, adding exceptions for second-class persons, and
re-written for MMI.  It is also SHORTER, provides more functionality
(transfer between offices, keeps the second-class limitation in current
rules), and removes the various exceptions scattered through the rules.

Friends, it Makes Sense.

Wording improvements welcome.


Amend Rule 2170 by appending the following paragraph:

      The Executor of a public message is the first-class person
      who sends it, or who most directly and immediately causes
      it to be sent.  The executor of an action performed by
      announcement is the executor of the announcement.


[The new Executor definition may be very useful for many things in first-
 class vs. second-class actions, or delegations of power of attorney.
 Here it will be used to take care of second-class limitations on support].


Amend Rule 1728 to read:

      A player CAN perform an action dependently (a dependent action)
      if and only if the Rules explicitly authorize the player to
      perform the action by one of the following methods:

      - Without N Objections, where N is a nonnegative integer;
      - With N Supporters, where N is a nonnegative integer; or
      - With N Agoran Consent, where N is a multiple of 0.01 between
        0.5 and 1.

      The phrase "Without Objection" is synonymous with "Without 1
      Objection"; the phrase "With Support" is synonymous with "With
      1 Supporter"; the phrase "With Agoran Consent" is synonymous
      with "With 0.5 Agoran Consent".

      A player authorized to perform a dependent action (the initiator)
      CAN publicly announce eir intent to do so, unambiguously
      describing both the action and the method, including the
      required value for N.  A player (the performer) CAN perform a
      previously unambiguously described dependent action by
      announcement, if and only if all of the following are true:

      (a)  the time elapsed since the announcement of intent is no
           more than fourteen days, and (if the action is to be
           performed Without N Objections or With N Agoran Consent)
           at least four days;

      (b)  either the performer was the initiator, or the initiator
           was authorized to perform the action by virtue of holding
           a rules-defined position and the performer is the holder
           of that position when e attempts to perform the action;
           and

      (c) At the time the action is attempted, Agora is Satisfied with
          the announced intent, as described elsewhere.

      The specification in the rules that an action may be performed
      dependently does not prohibit performing that action
      independently if doing so would otherwise be permissible.


Raise the power of Rule 2124 to 2, rename it "Agoran Satisfaction",
and amend it to read:

      A Supporter of a dependent action is a first-class player
      who has publicly posted (and not withdrawn) support for an
      announcement of intent to perform the action.  An Objector to
      a dependent action is a first-class player who has publicly
      posted (and not withdrawn) an objection to the announcement
      of intent to perform the action.

      The Executor of such an announcement of intent CANNOT support
      nor object to it.  A rule authorizing the performance of a
      dependent action may further restrict the eligibility of
      players to support or object to that specific action.

      Agora is Satisfied with an intent to perform a specific action
      if and only if:

      (1)  the action is to be performed Without N Objections, and it
           has fewer than N objectors;

      (2)  the action is to be performed With N supporters, and it has
           N or more supporters; or

      (3)  the action is to be performed with N Agoran Consent,
           and the ratio of supporters to objectors is greater than
           N, or the action has at least one supporter and no
           objectors.


Amend Rule 107 by removing the following text:
                                                                   ,
      unless the decision is whether to approve a dependent action


Amend Rule 955 by removing the following text:

      (d) If the decision is whether to approve a dependent action:

          (1) If the strength of OBJECT is greater than or equal to
              the objection index (if any), then the outcome is
              REJECTED.

          (2) If the strength of SUPPORT is less than the support
              index (if any), then the outcome is REJECTED.

          (3) If the ratio of the strength of SUPPORT to the combined
              strength of SUPPORT and OBJECT is less than or equal to
              the majority index (if any), then the outcome is
              REJECTED.

          (4) Otherwise, the outcome is APPROVED.


Amend Rule 879 by removing the following text:
                                , or the decision is whether to
      approve a dependent action, in which case quorum is zero