ID: 5459
Title: Split and Secure Ratification
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3

Create a rule titled "Self-Ratification" with Power 3 and this text:

      Any public document defined by the rules as self-ratifying is
      ratified one week after its publication, unless explicitly and
      publicly challenged during that period via one of the following
      methods, explaining the scope and nature of the perceived error:

      a) An inquiry case, appropriate for questions of legal
         interpretation.

      b) A claim of error, appropriate for matters of fact.  The
         publisher of the original document SHALL respond to a claim
         of error as soon as possible, either publishing a revision or
         denying the claim.  If e denies the claim, then the original
         document is ratified one week after the denial, unless it is
         challenged again (subject to the same requirements) during
         that period.

Create a rule titled "Ratification Without Objection" with Power 3 and
this text:

      An official document is a public document purported to be part
      (possibly all) of an official report; this part is the
      document's scope.  Any player CAN, without objection, ratify an
      official document, specifying its scope.  The date of this
      ratification and the scope of the ratified document become part
      of the official report in question, until the same scope is
      ratified at a later date.

Amend Rule 1551 (Ratification) to read:

      A public document is part (possibly all) of a public message.

      When a public document is ratified, the gamestate is modified so
      that the ratified document was completely true and accurate at
      the time it was published.  Nevertheless, the ratification of a
      public document does not invalidate, reverse, alter, or cancel
      any messages or actions, even if they were unrecorded or
      overlooked, or change the legality of any attempted action.

      Ratifying a public document is secured.