ID: 5468
Title: Separate axes, separate rules
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1.5

Create a rule titled "Hawkishness" with Power 1.5 and this text:

      Hawkishness is a player switch, tracked by the Clerk of the
      Courts, with the following values:

        * Hanging.  Hanging players are unqualified to be assigned as
          judge of any inquiry case.

        * Hugging.  Hugging players are unqualified to be assigned as
          judge of any criminal case, and poorly qualified to be
          assigned as judge of any equity case.

        * Hemming-and-Hawing (default).

      Changes to hawkishness are secured.

      A player CAN flip eir hawkishness by announcement.

Create a rule titled "Linked Assignments" with Power 1.5 and this text:

      When the Clerk of the Courts assigns a player as judge of two or
      more judicial cases consecutively in the same announcement, that
      player only becomes sitting upon the last such assignment, rules
      to the contrary notwithstanding.  The CotC SHOULD NOT do this
      unless those cases are closely related in their subject matter.

Amend Rule 1871 (The Standing Court) to read:

      Posture is a player switch, tracked by the Clerk of the Courts,
      with the following values:

        * Standing.  Standing players are generally qualified to judge.

        * Sitting.  Sitting players are poorly qualified to judge, but
          will generally become qualified when the CotC rotates the
          bench.

        * Leaning.  Leaning players are poorly qualified to judge, but
          are generally qualified to serve on appeal panels.

        * Supine (default).  Supine players are unqualified to judge.

      Changes to posture are secured.

      A player CAN flip eir posture to any non-standing value by
      announcement.

      When the CotC assigns a player as judge, that player becomes
      sitting.

      The CotC CAN rotate the bench (change all sitting players to
      standing) by announcement, but SHALL NOT do so unless there is
      a judicial case to which e is obliged to assign a judge, all
      entities qualified to be so assigned are poorly qualified, and e
      immediately afterwards (in the same announcement) assigns a judge
      to that case.

      When the CotC recuses a player with cause, e SHALL flip that
      player's posture to supine by announcement within one week.