ID: 5485
Title: Generalize official duties
Author: root
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

Amend Rule 2143 (Official Reports) by renaming it to "Official Reports
and Duties", and by replacing this text:

     a) If any information is defined by the rules as part of that
        office's weekly report, then the holder of that office SHALL
        maintain all such information, and SHALL publish it at least
        once each week.  Otherwise, that office has no weekly report.

     b) If any information is defined by the rules as part of that
        office's monthly report, then the holder of that office SHALL
        maintain all such information, and SHALL publish it at least
        once each month.  Otherwise, that office has no monthly
        report.

with this text:

     a) If any task is defined by the rules as part of that office's
        weekly duties, then the holder of that office SHALL perform
        it at least once each week.  If any information is defined by
        the rules as part of that office's weekly report, then the
        holder of that office SHALL maintain all such information,
        and the publication of all such information is part of that
        office's weekly duties.

     b) If any task is defined by the rules as part of that office's
        monthly duties, then the holder of that office SHALL perform
        it at least once each month.  If any information is defined
        by the rules as part of that office's monthly report, then
        the holder of that office SHALL maintain all such
        information, and the publication of all such information is
        part of that office's monthly duties.


Amend Rule 2126 (Notes) by replacing this text:

     (2) (E)  At the end of each week, each player who published at
              least one weekly report during that week gains an E
              Note.

         (Eb) At the end of each month, each player who published at
              least one monthly report during that month gains an Eb
              Note.

with this text:

     (2) (E)  At the end of each week, each player who completed the
              non-empty set of weekly duties of at least one office
              during that week gains an E Note.

         (Eb) At the end of each month, each player who completed the
              non-empty set of monthly duties of at least one office
              during that month gains an Eb Note.


Amend Rule 2199 (Ribbons) by replacing this text:

     (+G) At the end of each month, each player who held at least one
          office continuously during that month gains a Green Ribbon,
          unless e violated a requirement to submit a report within a
          time limit.

with this text:

     (+G) At the end of each month, each player who held at least one
          office continuously during that month gains a Green Ribbon,
          unless e failed to perform an official duty within a time
          limit during that month.


Amend Rule 1607 (The Promotor) by replacing this text:

                During each week, the Promotor SHALL distribute each
     proposal that has been in the Proposal Pool since the beginning
     of that week.

with this text:

                The Promotor's weekly duties include the distribution
     of each proposal that has been in the Proposal Pool since the
     beginning of that week.


Amend Rule 2192 (The Mad Scientist) by replacing this text:

     At least once each week, the Mad Scientist SHALL:

with this text:

     The Mad Scientist's weekly duties include the performance of the
     following tasks, in order: