ID: 5499
Title: Fixing Elections v2
Author: Goethe
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

Fixing Elections v2

[v2. fixed double asap]

Amend R2154 to read:

      Any player CAN by announcement nominate one or more active
      players to be candidate(s) for an Office, this begins a
      nomination period for that office, during which other candidates
      may be so nominated.  The nomination period lasts for four days.
      Once a nomination period begins, a new one CANNOT begin for the
      same office until the nomination or resulting election is resolved.
      A player who has not refused eir nomination is a consenting
      candidate.

      As soon as possible after the nomination period ends, then: (a) if
      there is only one consenting candidate, the IADoP SHALL install em
      in the Office by announcement; (b) if there are two or more
      consenting candidates, then the IADoP SHALL initiate an Agoran
      decision to determine the new officeholder; this process is known
      as an election.

      In an election, the valid options are the consenting nominees
      (hereafter the candidates), quorum is the lesser of three and
      the number of active players (other rules on quorum
      notwithstanding), the eligible voters are the active players.
      If a player refuses eir nomination during the election, e
      ceases to be a valid option.

      In the notice resolving the decision, the IADoP will select a
      candidate that received at least as many votes as any other
      candidate (if any); this candidate thereby becomes the
      officeholder.

      Stability is an elected office switch, tracked by the IADoP,
      with values Temporal (default) and Perpetual.  Any player CAN
      flip an office's stability without 2 objections.  A Perpetual
      office becomes Temporal when its holder leaves office.

      If an office is Temporal at the end of a quarter, and no nomination
      period began for that office during that quarter, then the IADoP
      SHALL make at least one nomination for the office during the
      following quarter.  These requirements are waived if another
      player so makes a nomination.