ID: 5531
Title: Rules as Binding Agreement
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3

Amend Rule 2141 (Role and Attributes of Rules) by replacing "player
behaviour" with "behaviour", and by inserting this text after the
first paragraph:

      The rules as a whole are a contract that CANNOT be terminated,
      rules to the contrary notwithstanding.  All players are party
      to the rules; by becoming and remaining players, they thereby
      agree to be bound by the rules.  Other persons who participate
      in Agora SHOULD abide by the rules, but do not become party to
      them unless they explicitly intend to do so, e.g. by entering
      into a non-rule contract.  The proposal, fora, and registration
      processes shall, prima facie, be considered to be protective of
      a person's rights and privileges with respect to making and
      changing the rules and the agreement to be bound by them.

Amend Rule 101 (Agoran Rights and Privileges) by replacing "player"
with "person" in section ii, and by replacing section vi with this
text:

        vi. Freedom of speech being essential for the healthy
            functioning of any non-Imperial nomic, every player
            has the right and every person has the privilege of
            participation in the fora.

and by replacing section viii with this text:

      viii. Every person has the right to become party to the rules,
            and the privilege of becoming a player.

        ix. Every person has the right to cease being a player, or
            otherwise ceasing to be party to the rules.

Amend Rule 2169 (Equity Cases) by replacing this text:

      An equity case CAN be initiated by any party to the contract

with this text:

      An equity case CAN be initiated by any party to the contract
      (or by any person, if the contract is the rules)

and by replacing this text:

      The members of the bases of the parties to the contract are all
      unqualified to be assigned as judge of the case.

with this text:

      The members of the bases of the parties to the contract are all
      unqualified to be assigned as judge of the case, unless the
      contract is the rules.

and by replacing this text:

      the judgement is in effect as a binding agreement between the
      parties.

with this text:

      the judgement is in effect as a new binding agreement between
      the parties, acting in conjunction with the original contract.

Change the power of Rule 1742 (Contracts) to 3, and amend it by
replacing "or between the contract and the rules" with "even if
the other contract is the rules".

[Remaining changes mostly just avoid excluding non-players from
certain general situations.]

Amend Rule 478 (Fora) by removing the first paragraph, and by
replacing this text:

      A player "publishes"

with this text:

      A person "publishes"

and by replacing this text:

      a player performs that action by announcing

with this text:

      a person performs that action by announcing

[First paragraph was previously merged into Rule 101.]

Amend Rule 2152 (Mother, May I?) by replacing this text:

                                   If a rule specifies one or more
      players in connection with a term, then the term applies only to
      the specified player(s).

with this text:

                                   If a rule specifies one or more
      persons in connection with a term, then the term applies only to
      the specified person(s).

Amend Rule 1769 (Holidays) by replacing this text:

      time limit for a player to perform an action

with this text:

      time limit to perform an action

and by replacing this text:

      which require Players to perform events

with this text:

      which require events to be performed

Amend Rule 2148 (The Ambassador) by replacing this text:

      All players are prohibited from falsely claiming, to any nomic,
      to be the ambassador.

with this text:

      All persons are prohibited from falsely claiming, to any nomic,
      to be the ambassador.

Amend Rule 2159 (Protective Decrees) by replacing this text:

      All players are prohibited from falsely claiming, to any nomic,
      that a document is a protective decree.

with this text:

      All persons are prohibited from falsely claiming, to any nomic,
      that a document is a protective decree.

[For reference, here is Zefram's laundry list of 10/29/07:

> you need a power=3 rule to characterise the ruleset as a contract.
> You need to be explicit about who the parties are, and that has to
> be consistent with the rules that impose obligations on non-players
> and with R101's bill of rights.  You need to review all the
> constitutional and playerhood rules, modifying them to fit the
> contract paradigm.  You need to be clear about whether the rules are
> a R1742 contract, and if they are then R1742 probably needs to be
> upmutated quite a bit.  You need to be clear about the constitutional
> position of equity judgements regarding the rules.  You need to be
> clear about the role of the criminal court within a contract and as
> applied to contracts generally.  You need to be clear about where
> contractual obligations are rooted.

Most of this is explicitly addressed above.  Double jeopardy is
already covered by Rule 101 (vii).]