ID: 5604
Title: Judicial switches
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

comex is a co-author of this proposal.

Amend Rule 2162 (Switches) by replacing this text:

      c) Exactly one officer who tracks instances of that switch.
         That officer's report includes the value of each instance of
         that switch whose value is not its default value.

with this text:

      c) Exactly one officer who tracks instances of that switch.
         That officer's report includes the value of each instance of
         that switch whose value is not its default value, though it
         need not include low-priority instances.

and by replacing this text:

       If an instance of a switch would otherwise fail to have a
       possible value, it comes to have its default value.

with this text:

       If an instance of a switch would otherwise fail to have a
       possible value, it comes to have its default value; however,
       if a switch is defined by the rules as sticky, and its current
       value ceases to be a possible value, then it remains at that
       value anyway until otherwise changed.

Amend Rule 1868 (Judge Assignment Generally) by replacing this text:

       At any time, a judicial case either has no judge assigned to it
       (default) or has exactly one entity assigned to it as judge;
       this is a persistent status that changes only according to the
       rules.  To recuse a judge from a case means to deassign em as
       judge.  To assign a judge to a case implicitly recuses any
       existing judge.  A recusal is without cause unless stated
       otherwise in the rules.

       At any time, a judicial case either does not require a judge
       (default) or requires a judge; this is not a persistent status,
       but is evaluated instantaneously.

with this text:

       A judicial case requires a judge only while the rules say it
       does.

       Assignment is a sticky judicial case switch, tracked by the
       Clerk of the Courts, with values null (default) and the set of
       all entities qualified to be so assigned.  The assignment of a
       closed case is low-priority.

       To assign a judge to a case is to flip that case's assignment
       to that judge.  To recuse a judge from a case is to flip that
       case's assignment from that judge to another value (null if
       not otherwise specified); the recusal is with cause only if
       the rules say it is.

and by removing this text:

       Except where modified by other rules, the entities qualified to
       be assigned as judge of a judicial case are the active
       first-class players.  Being unqualified to be assigned as a
       judge does not inherently prevent an entity from continuing to
       be judge if already assigned.

Amend Rule 2158 (Judicial Questions) by replacing this text:

       Within a judicial case, one or more judicial questions may
       arise.  Each judicial question is either inapplicable (default)
       or applicable; this is not a persistent status but is evaluated
       instantaneously.  Each judicial question either is open
       (default), suspended, or has a particular judgement; this is a
       persistent status that changes only according to the rules.  The
       possible types of judgement for a judicial question vary
       according to the type of question.

with this text:

       Each judicial question that arises within a judicial case is
       applicable only while the rules say it is.

       Decision is a judicial question switch, tracked by the Clerk of
       the Courts, with values open (default), suspended, and the set
       of all values defined by the rules as valid for the type of
       question.  The decision of a judicial question within a closed
       case is low-priority.