ID: 5623
Title: MANDATE and other MMI revisions
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: root, comex
Adoption index: 3

root and comex are co-authors of this proposal.

Amend Rule 2152 (Mother, May I?) by replacing this text:

      1. CANNOT, IMPOSSIBLE, INEFFECTIVE, INVALID:  Attempts to
         perform the described action are unsuccessful.

with this text:

      1. CANNOT, IMPOSSIBLE, INEFFECTIVE, INVALID:  In the context
         of an action, attempts to perform that action are
         unsuccessful.  Outside the context of an action, any
         change that would lead directly to that state of affairs
         is canceled and does not occur.

and by replacing "MANDATORY" with "MANDATORY, OBLIGATED", and by
appending this text:

      8. MANDATE:  The action CAN be performed (by announcement if no
         other method is specified), and SHALL be performed as soon as
         possible (or by a different time limit, if one is specified).

Amend Rule 2141 (Role and Attributes of Rules) by replacing this text:

      Every rule shall have a title to aid in identification.  If a
      rule ever does not have a title, the Rulekeepor shall assign
      a title to it by announcement as soon as possible.

with this text:

      Every rule shall have a title to aid in identification.  The
      Rulekeepor has a MANDATE to assign a title to any rule that
      lacks one.

Amend Rule 2161 (ID Numbers) by replacing this text:

      (a) Whenever an instance of that type does not have an ID
          number, the player held responsible by that rule SHALL
          assign an ID number to it by announcement as soon as
          possible.

with this text:

      (a) Whenever an instance of that type does not have an ID
          number, the player held responsible by that rule has a
          MANDATE to assign an ID number to it.

Amend Rule 2154 (Replacing Officers) by replacing this text:

      As soon as possible after the nomination period ends, then: (a) if
      there is only one consenting candidate, the IADoP SHALL install em
      in the Office by announcement; (b) if there are two or more
      consenting candidates, then the IADoP SHALL initiate an Agoran
      decision to determine the new officeholder; this process is known
      as an election.

with this text:

      At the end of the nomination period, if there is only one
      consenting candidate, then the IADoP has a MANDATE to install
      em into the office; otherwise, e has a MANDATE to initiate an
      election (an Agoran decision to determine the new officeholder).

Amend Rule 2019 (Prerogatives) by replacing this text:

      In a timely fashion before the beginning of each month, the
      Speaker SHALL randomly assign each Player who bears the patent
      title Minister Without Portfolio a different Prerogative for the
      upcoming month by announcement.

with this text:

      The Speaker has a MANDATE, in a timely fashion before the
      beginning of each month, to randomly assign each player who
      bears the patent title Minister Without Portfolio a different
      Prerogative for the upcoming month.

Amend Rule 1868 (Judge Assignment Generally) by replacing this text:

      When a judicial case requires a judge and has no judge assigned,
      the CotC CAN assign a qualified entity to be its judge by
      announcement, and SHALL do so as soon as possible.

with this text:

      When a judicial case requires a judge and has no judge assigned,
      the CotC has a MANDATE to assign a qualified entity as its judge.

Amend Rule 1871 (The Standing Court) by replacing this text:

      When the CotC recuses a non-supine player with cause, e SHALL
      flip that player's posture to supine by announcement in a timely
      fashion.

with this text:

      When the CotC recuses a non-supine player with cause, e has a
      MANDATE to flip that player's posture to supine.

Amend Rule 2158 (Judicial Questions) by replacing this text:

      When a judicial question is applicable and open, and its case
      has a judge assigned to it, the judge CAN assign a valid
      judgement to it by announcement, and SHALL do so as soon as
      possible.

with this text:

      When a judicial question is applicable and open, and its case
      has a judge assigned to it, the judge has a MANDATE to assign
      a valid judgement to it.

and by replacing this text:

      When a judicial question is applicable and open, and its judge
      has violated a time limit to assign a judgement to it, the Clerk
      of the Courts SHALL recuse that judge with cause by announcement
      as soon as possible; however, this requirement is waived if the
      judge assigns a judgement to it first.

with this text:

      When a judicial question is applicable and open, and its judge
      has violated a time limit to assign a judgement to it, the Clerk
      of the Courts has a MANDATE to recuse that judge with cause.

[The "however" clause is redundant; if the judge assigns a judgement,
then the question is no longer open.  Generalizing the concept of
"requirement that does(n't) go away if its cause goes away" is left
to a separate proposal.]

Amend Rule 2136 (Contests) by replacing this text:

      For each contest, ASAP after the beginning of each month, the
      Scorekeepor CAN and SHALL by announcement award

with this text:

      At the beginning of the month, for each contest, the Scorekeepor
      has a MANDATE to award