ID: 5658
Title: Generalize panels
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

Create a rule titled "Panels" with this text:

      A panel is a structure whereby a set of two or more persons
      (its members) act together.  A panel's membership cannot change,
      and if two panels have the same membership then they are the
      same panel.  Panels exist implicitly, without any specific act
      of formation.

      A panel CAN send messages by means of any of its members sending
      a message identified as being from the panel, with the unanimous
      support of the panel's other members, or as explicitly authorized
      by the rules.  Where the rules define an action that CAN be
      performed "by announcement", a panel performs that action by
      sending a message in this way that e performs it.

      A panel can incur obligations.  The members of a panel SHALL act
      collectively to ensure that the panel satisfies all of its
      obligations.

Amend Rule 2157 (Judicial Panels) to read:

      A panel CAN send a message judging an appeal case with the
      support of at least half its members (other than the member
      sending the message) and the Clerk of the Courts (unless e is
      a member of the panel, the prior judge, or unqualified to be
      assigned as judge of the prior case).  The CotC SHOULD so
      support if and only if the panel's members have made a
      reasonable effort to achieve consensus.

Amend Rule 2177 (The Senate) by replacing this text:

      A Senator CAN call an Emergency Session with 2 Senate
      supporters,

with this text:

      A panel of at least three Senators CAN call an Emergency Session
      by announcement,

and by replacing this text:

      During emergency session, any Senator CAN declare a filibuster
      on a proposal in its voting period, with 2 supporting Senators,
      provided no filibuster has been declared on that proposal in the
      past.  Any Senator CAN end a filibuster on a proposal with 4
      supporting Senators.

with this text:

      During emergency session, a panel of at least three Senators CAN
      declare a filibuster on a proposal in its voting period by
      announcement, provided no filibuster has been declared on that
      proposal in the past.  A panel of at least five Senators CAN end
      a filibuster on a proposal by announcement.

Amend Rule 2142 (Support Democracy) to read:

      A panel of at least three players CAN change an ordinary decision
      to be democratic by announcement.

Amend Rule 911 (Appeal Cases) by replacing this text:

      An appeal concerning any assignment of judgement in a non-appeal
      case within the past two weeks CAN be initiated by any player
      with 2 support.

with this text:

      An appeal concerning any assignment of judgement in a non-appeal
      case within the past two weeks CAN be initiated by a panel of at
      least three players by announcement.