ID: 5667
Title: Some players are more equal than others
Author: BobTHJ
Co-authors: Murphy
Adoption index: 1.9

If the proposal titled "Chambers II" fails this proposal has no effect.

Create a new rule titled "Oligarchy" with Power=2 and the following text:
{{
There exists an Oligarch Chamber.

Caste is a player switch, tracked by the Grand Poobah, with the
following values and their numeric equivalents:

       Alpha   - 8
       Beta    - 5
       Gamma   - 3
       Delta   - 2
       Epsilon - 1 (default for first-class players and provinces)
       Savage  - 0 (default for all other players)

     Changes to caste are secured.

     The eligible voters on an oligarch decision are those entities
     that were active players at the start of its voting period.  The
     voting limit of an eligible voter on an oligarch decision is eir
     caste at the start of its voting period, or half that (rounded
     up) if the voter was in the chokey at that time.
}}

Create a rule titled "Grand Poobah" with Power=2 and the text:
{{
     The Grand Poobah is an office; its holder is responsible for
     keeping track of castes.

     At the beginning of each month, each Alpha's caste is flipped to
     eir default value.  As soon as possible after the beginning of
     each month, the Grand Poobah SHALL do the following, in order,
     at each step choosing (if possible) a player who has not yet
     been chosen during the current procedure:

       1) Promotions.  At each step, the Grand Poobah SHALL choose a
          player whose caste is as high as possible without equalling
          or exceeding the new caste:

          a) Flip a player's caste to Alpha
          b) Flip a player's caste to Beta
          c) Flip a player's caste to Gamma
          d) Flip a player's caste to Delta

       2) Demotions.  Each step is repeated as many times as needed.

          b->c) While there are more than two Betas,
                  flip a Beta's caste to Gamma
          c->d) While there are more than three Gammas,
                  flip a Gamma's caste to Delta
          d->e) While there are more than four Deltas,
                  flip a Delta's caste to Epsilon
}}