ID: 5710
Title: Pragmatic rights and privileges
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3.0

Amend Rule 101 (Agoran Rights and Privileges) to read:

     Each person has the right to do the following things; these
     rights CANNOT be removed or restricted beyond reasonable effort
     by any interpretation of Agoran law or contract:

       1) Perform unregulated actions.

       2) Refuse to become party to a contract.  The absence of
          explicit, willful consent constitutes refusal.

       3) Not be considered bound by an agreement, or an amendment to
          an agreement, that e has not had a reasonable opportunity
          to review.

       4) Initiate a formal process to resolve a matter of
          controversy, with the reasonable expectation that the
          controversy will thereby be resolved.

       5) Cause formal reconsideration of any judicial determination
          that e should be punished.

       6) Not be penalized once for any single action or inaction.

       7) Cease being a player.

     Each person has the privilege to do the following things; these
     privileges exist in the absence of explicit Agoran law or
     contract to the contrary:

       a) Perform whatever actions e wishes.

       b) Participate in the fora.  For players, this is a right.

       c) Become and remain a player.

     This rule takes precedence over all other rules.

     Please treat Agora right good forever.

[Rights /can/ be restricted within reasonable effort, e.g. "don't lie"
or "wait a week", but not "include a page from the 1947 Vladivostok
phone book" or "wait 106 years".  If you voluntarily sign away some
of your rights, then evidently you considered those limits reasonable.]

Amend Rule 478 (Fora) by removing the first paragraph.

[Covered by privilege b).]

Amend Rule 2145 (Partnerships) by appending this text:

     The right of a partnership to initiate judicial proceedings
     is protected by the ability of its members to initiate such
     proceedings, even if the partnership is prevented from
     initiating them directly.