ID: 5724
Title: Combining the Gamestates
Author: ais523
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3.0

Ratify the following document:
{{{{
CFJs 1935 and 1936 were appealed, and their judgements were affirmed.
CFJ 1937 was appealed, and remanded back to Wooble, who judged FALSE on
it a second time.
CFJ 1932 was reassigned on appeal, and the new judge assigned the
following contest, with contestmaster root, as a judgement:
{{{
1) It being entirely within the power of the initiator of CFJ 1932 to
resolve the alleged inequity in that case, e SHALL make a reasonable
effort to do so within a timely fashion.

2) This is a public contract.

3) This contract is a pledge if and only if it has exactly one member.

4) Any first-class player CAN join this contract by announcement.  Any
party to this contract CAN leave it by announcement, as long as that
party has continuously been a party to this contract for the preceding
168 hours.

5) The founding members of this contract are the members root, ehird and
ais523.  A founding member CAN amend this paragraph to change the list
of founding members, without objection from any founding member, or
with the consent of all other founding members.  ("Founding member"
always has this meaning within the scope of this contract, rather than
any meaning it might have more generally within Agora.)

6) Upon the request of a founding member, the contestmaster SHALL as
soon as possible award points as requested up to the limit allowed by
the rules, as long as the number of points requested is no more than the
limit of points awardable by the rules per Agoran week divided by the
number of founding members, as long as the requestor has not made such
a request within the previous 168 hours. Such awards SHALL
be made on a first-come, first-serve basis.

7) A founding member CAN amend the text of this contract with the
agreement of all other founding members.  When this occurs, any member
who has not explicitly consented to the change is excused from the
contract.
}}}
tusho has the Patent Title Champion.
}}}}