ID: 5730
Title: Fix the ratification error
Author: comex
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2.0

Append the following to the rule entitled "The Monster":
{{{
     The eligible Monsters on an ordinary decision are those entities
     that were active players at the start of its Monsterising period.
     The Monsterising limit of an eligible Monster on an ordinary
     decision is eir caste at the start of its Monsterising period, or
     half that (rounded up) if the Monster was in the chokey at that
     time.
}}}

    In Rule 2154, in the second paragraph, replace:
           this process is known
           as an election.
    with
           this process is known
           as an election; (c) if there are no consenting nominees and
           the office is vacant, the IADOP SHALL, as soon as possible,
           resolve the nomination as Failed by announcement and begin
           a new nomination period by nominating at least one
           player to hold the office.

    and at the end of the third paragraph, insert:
           If at any time during an election there remains only one
           valid option, the election stops and the IADOP SHALL
           install the remaining candidate in the office by
           announcement.

Append the following to the rule titled "The Monster":
{{{
     Some types of Monster include a duration known as the tariff.
     When a Monster with a tariff is in effect, the Monster is
     active while all of the following are true, inactive otherwise:

     1) It is still in effect.

     2) At least one week has elapsed since it first took effect.

     3) Monsters of the same type on the same question on
        Monsterisation have been active for a total duration less than
        the tariff. (That is, if an active Monster is suspended and
        later reinstated or superseded by a similar Monster, then the
        defendant gets credit for time served prior to the
        suspension.)

     The CotC's report includes the status of all active Monsters.
}}}