ID: 5828
Title: More contests
Author: Wooble
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2.0

In Rule 2136:

remove:
       b) Doing so would cause a player to be contestmaster of more
          than one contest.
and reletter the following paragraph as "b".

and replace:
      The total number of points a Contest MAY award in a given week
      is equal to 5 times the number of its members that are first-
      class players.  Points up to this total CAN be awarded by the
      contestmaster to other members by public announcement, and MUST
      be awarded as explicitly described in the contract.

      The total number of points a Contest MAY revoke in a given week
      is equal to 2 times the number of its members that are first-
      class players.  Points up to this total CAN be revoked by the
      contestmaster from other members by public announcement, and
      MUST be revoked as explicitly described in the contract.

      For each contest, ASAP after the beginning of each month, the
      Scorekeepor CAN and SHALL by announcement award a number of
      points, equal to the number of Players who were Contestants in
      that Contest at any time during the previous month, to the
      Player (if any) who was its Contestmaster for 16 or more days
      during the previous month, provided that the Contestmaster
      performed Contest-related duties in a timely manner during that
      time.

with:
      The total number of points a player MAY award in a given week
      is equal to 5 times the number of first-class players who are
      members of contracts for which e is contestmaster. Points up to
      this total CAN be awarded by a player to other members of
      contracts for which e is the contestmaster by announcement, and
      MUST be awarded as explicitly described in the contract.

      The total number of points a player MAY revoke in a given week
      is equal to 2 times the number of first-class players who are
      members of contracts for which e is contestmaster.  Points up to
      this total CAN be revoked by a player from other members of
      contracts for which e is the contestmaster by announcement, and
      MUST be revoked as explicitly described in the contract.

      As soon as possible after the beginning of each month, the
      Scorekeepor SHALL by announcement award a number of points to
      each player, equal to the number of players who were contestants
      in contests at any time during the previous month for which that
      player served as contestmaster for 16 or more days during the
      previous month, provided that the Contestmaster performed
      Contest-related duties in a timely manner during that time.