ID: 5831
Title: Fix elections
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2.0

Amend Rule 107 (Initiating Agoran Decisions) by replacing this text:

     voting period for a decision cannot be shorter than seven days.

with this text:

     voting period for a decision with at least two options cannot
     be shorter than seven days.  The vote collector for a decision
     with less than two options CAN end the voting period by
     announcement, provided that e resolves the decision in the same
     message.

[Allow uncontested decisions to be resolved early.]

Amend Rule 955 (Determining the Will of Agora) by appending this text:

     (c) If the decision is for an election, then the outcome is the
         candidate with the most votes.  In case of a tie, the vote
         collector SHALL select one of the leaders as the outcome.  If
         there are no candidates, then the outcome is null.

[Moved from Rule 2154.  Allow null outcomes.]

Create a rule titled "Periodic Elections" with Power 2 and this text:

     Stability is an elected office switch, tracked by the IADoP,
     with values Temporal (default) and Perpetual.  Any player CAN
     flip an elected office's stability without 2 objections.  A
     Perpetual office becomes Temporal when its holder leaves office.

     The IADoP SHALL initiate an election for an elected office
     under the following circumstances:

       a) During a quarter, if the office was Temporal at the start
          of that quarter and no such attempt was made during the
          previous quarter.  This requirement is waived if another
          player makes such a change during the current quarter.

       b) Within a week (or month, if the office is low-priority)
          after the office ceases to have an active holder, or after
          an election for the office ends and the office fails to have
          an active holder.  This requirement is waived if the office
          comes to have an active holder during that week (month).

[Moved from Rule 2154, along with retrying failed elections.]

Change the title of Rule 2154 to "Election Procedure", and amend it
to read:

     Any player CAN by announcement initiate an election for an
     elected office for which no election is already in progress,
     nominating at least one active player.

     During the first four days of the election (the nomination
     period), any player CAN by announcement nominate one or more
     active players.

     As soon as possible after the nomination period ends, the
     IADoP SHALL initiate an Agoran decision to determine the new
     officeholder.  For this decision:

       1) The valid options (hereafter the candidates) are the
          active players who, during the election,

            a) received and accepted a nomination for the office
               before the decision was initiated (self-nomination
               constitutes acceptance), and

            b) did not decline a nomination for the office.

          The set of candidates can change after the decision is
          initiated.

       2) The eligible voters are the active players.

       3) Each eligible voter's voting limit is one.  An ordered list
          of multiple choices constitutes a conditional vote for the
          first choice if it could be the outcome, otherwise the second
          choice if it could be the outcome, and so forth.

     Upon the resolution of this decision, its outcome (if a candidate)
     is installed into the office, and the election ends.

[General cleanup.  All nominations must be accepted.  Declinations are
final.  Instant-runoff voting.  Default quorum.]