ID: 5838
Title: Reformed Bank of Agora
Author: ais523
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1.0

1. The name of this contract is the Reformed Bank of Agora. This is a
public contract and a partnership.

2. Parties to this contract are known as Bankers. Any person who owns
at least 10% of all Chits may become party to this agreement by
announcement. If a Banker has not continuously owned at least 10% of
all Chits for 7 days any Banker may cause them to cease to be party to
this agreement by announcement. The Bankers shall act collectively to
fulfill the obligations required of this contract.

3. Chits are a currency. The Treasurer is the recordkeeper of Chits.
Initially the Treasurer is BobTHJ.

4. Each non-fixed currency defined by the rules of Agora or by a
public contract may have an exchange rate. The list of current
exchange rates shall be part of the Treasurer's weekly report. Any
Banker may set the exchange rate of a currency to a specific integer
value without three objections. Initially, the exchange rate for each
currency shall be set to the deposit rate of the same currency in the
most recently published Bank of Agora report, rounded down to the
nearest integer.

5. A person CAN transfer one instance of a currency with an exchange
rate to the Reformed Bank of Agora by announcement. Upon doing so a
number of Chits equal to that exchange rate are created in the
possession of that person.

6. A person CAN, by announcement, destroy a number of Chits in eir
possession equal to the exchange rate of a currency times The Withdraw
Factor (rounded up) as long as the Bank possesses at least one of that
currency. Upon doing so one unit of that currency is transferred from
the Reformed Bank of Agora to that person.

7. Any Banker CAN amend this contract without three objections. Any
Banker CAN act on behalf of the Reformed Bank of Agora without three
objections.

8. Whenever a player transfers a Digit Ranch and a Water Rights Voucher
to the Bank of Agora the Treasurer CAN and SHALL as soon as possible
transfer the lesser of four or all crops of the type corresponding to
that Digit Ranch owned by the Bank to that player.

9. The Withdraw Factor is based upon a person's status within the
contract Airstrip One and is determined as follows:
Marine - 1.3
Pilot - 1.05
Captain - 1
None of the above or ambiguious - 1.1