ID: 5956
Title: random fixes part 1
Author: comex
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1.0

Amend Rule 101 by removing:
      WHEREAS Agora, since its inception, has functioned not only as a
      game but as a society, and WHEREAS a society, to function, must
      balance its Rules with the natural rights of its participants,

Amend Rule 2125 by removing:
      f) A judicial finding has determined that it is regulated, and
         has not been superseded by subsequent legislation.

Amend Rule 1688 by replacing:
      The power of an entity is a non-negative rational number.
with:
      The power of an entity is a rational number.
and by replacing:
      where specifically allowed by the rules.
with:
      as otherwise stipulated by the rules.

Amend Rule 2186 by removing:
      While all but one player satisfy at least one Losing Condition,
      that player satisfies the Winning Condition of Solitude.

      Cleanup procedure:  The same person cannot satisfy this Winning
      Condition again until at least one other player ceases to
      satisfy any Losing Condition.

Create a new Rule, title "Win by Not Losing" (Power=2) with the text:
      While all but one player satisfy at least one Losing Condition,
      that player satisfies the Winning Condition of Solitude.

      Cleanup procedure:  The same person cannot satisfy this Winning
      Condition again until at least one other player ceases to
      satisfy any Losing Condition.

Amend Rule 2110 by replacing:
    The same person can not satisfy this
with:
    The same person CANNOT satisfy this

Amend Rule 2177 by replacing:
      The Assessor's report includes the roll call of the most recent
      emergency session.
with:
      During emergency session, the Assessor's report includes the
      roll call.

Amend Rule 2141 by removing:
      Every rule has power between one and four inclusive.  It is
      not possible for a rule to have a power outside this range.
[allow extra high or low powers where otherwise permitted]

Amend Rule 2141 by replacing:
      Every rule shall have a title to aid in identification.  If a
      rule ever does not have a title, the Rulekeepor shall assign
      a title to it by announcement as soon as possible.
with:
      Every rule shall have a title to aid in identification.  If a
      rule ever does not have a title, the Rulekeepor shall assign a
      title to it by announcement as soon as possible.  The Rulekeepor
      CAN change the title of a rule by announcement, but SHALL only
      do so if the current title is incorrect or misleading.

Amend Rule 105 by replacing:
      Where permitted by other rules, an instrument generally can,
      as part of its effect,
with:
      An instrument generally CAN:


Amend Rule 1681 by replacing:
      Whenever a rule is changed in any way, the Rulekeepor shall
      record a historical annotation to the rule indicating:
with:
      Whenever a rule is modified in any way (including a power or
      title change), the Rulekeepor CAN cause it to amend itself by
      adding a historical annotation, which MUST include:

Amend Rule 869 by replacing:
      (default) and Registered, tracked by the registrar.  A player is
with:
      (default) and Registered, tracked by the Registrar.  A player is

Change the power of Rule 2144 to 2 (it's currently broken).

Amend Rule 1789 by replacing:
      Whenever a Player
with:
      Whenever a first-class Player

Amend Rule 478 by adding, after
      Each active player should ensure e can receive messages via each
      public forum.
the text:
      All active players are ipso facto considered to have received
      any message sent to a public forum.

Amend Rule 2170 by replacing:
      The Executor of a public message is the first-class person who
      sends it, or who most directly and immediately causes it to be
      sent.  (Upon a judicial finding that the Executor of a public
      message cannot otherwise be determined within reasonable effort,
      the judge SHALL as soon as possible publish a judicial
      declaration specifying the identity of that message's Executor.)
      The executor of an action performed by announcement is the
      executor of the announcement.
with:
      The Executor of a public message is the first-class person who
      sends it, or who most directly and immediately causes it to be
      sent.  (Upon a judicial finding that the Executor of a public
      message cannot otherwise be determined within reasonable effort,
      the judge SHALL as soon as possible publish a judicial
      declaration specifying a first-class person to be that message's
      Executor; this declaration is prima facie considered to be
      correct.) The executor of an action performed by announcement is
      the executor of the announcement.

Amend Rule 2152 by removing:
      If a rule specifies one or more persons in connection with a
      term, then the term applies only to the specified person(s).
[too strict and literal interpretation could lead to all sorts of confusion]

Amend Rule 1023 by removing:
      (b) The term "paragraph" means a subset of text determined as
          follows:

          (1) Each bulleted or enumerated (hereafter simply
              "bulleted") section is a unit of text.

          (2) Any remaining text is divided into units at blank lines.

          (3) Each unit of a document has a level as follows.  All
              unbulleted units have level 1.  Each bulleted unit has
              level n+2, where n is the number of bulleted units it is
              nested inside.

          (4) A barrier between two units is a unit appearing between
              those units which has level no greater than that of the
              unit appearing first.

          (5) The units of a document form an ordered tree, with the
              hierarchy determined as follows.  The root is an empty
              unit with level zero, which nominally appears at the
              beginning of the document.  One unit is a descendant of
              another unit if it appears after the latter, has
              strictly greater level, and is not separated from the
              latter by a barrier.  The tree's ordering follows the
              order of the units in the document.

          (6) A "paragraph" identified by partial quotation is
              determined by the minimum sub-tree containing the
              entirety of that quotation.

          (7) A "paragraph" identified by an ordinal n is determined
              by the nth unbulleted unit and its descendants.

          (8) A "paragraph" identified by enumerated section labels is
              determined by the sub-tree arrived at by traversal from
              the root, using the specified series of labels.
and by replacing:
      (c) Agoran epochs:
with:
      (b) Agoran epochs:

Change the power of Rule 2146 to 1.

Amend Rule 2150 by replacing:
      A person is an entity that has the general capacity to be the
      subject of rights and obligations under the rules.  An entity is
      a person if and only if it is defined to be so by rules with
      power 2 or greater.
with:
      An entity is a person if and only if it is defined to be so by
      rules with power 2 or greater.  Persons have the general
      capacity to be the subject of rights and obligations under the
      rules.

Amend Rule 2166 by adding before the paragraph about currencies:
      An asset generally CAN be transferred from one entity to
      another, or destroyed, as explicitly allowed by its backing
      document.
[Prevents such clauses in contracts from possibly being ineffective.]

Amend Rule 2166 by replacing:
      The recordkeepor of a class of assets is the entity defined as
      such by its backing document.  That entity's report includes a
      list of all instances of that class and their owners.  This
      portion of that entity's report is self-ratifying.
with:
      The recordkeepor of a class of assets is the entity defined as
      such by its backing document, unless that entity is not bound by
      its backing document, in which case the class of assets has no
      recordkeepor.  That entity's report includes a list of all
      instances of that class and their owners.  This portion of that
      entity's report is self-ratifying.

Amend Rule 2143 by replacing "office" with "role".

If a proposal titled "No accounting of private assets" passed, amend
Rule 2166 by replacing:
      A class of assets is public if its backing document is a rule or
      a public contract; otherwise it is private.
with:
      A class of assets is public if its backing document is a rule,
      or if its backing document is a public contract and the identity
      of all instances of the class and their owners generally CAN be
      determined by any Player; otherwise it is private.

[fix recordkeepors.  seriously.]

Amend Rule 2191 by replacing:
      A pledge is a public contract identifying itself as such.
with:
      A pledge is a public contract clearly and unambiguously
      identifying itself as such.

Amend Rule 2192 by adding after:
      The Mad Scientist is an office; its holder is responsible for
      building the Monster.  The Mad Scientist CAN act on behalf of
      the Monster to take any action that the Monster may take, and
      SHALL act on behalf of the Monster to ensure that the Monster
      fulfills all of its duties.
the text:
      The Monster is an entity defined by this rule and the rule
      titled "The Monster"; it is not the same entity as the latter
      rule.