ID: 5970
Title: Generalize complexity 
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2.0

Create a rule titled "Interest Index of Proposals" with this text:

      Each proposal has an interest index, which CAN be set by
      its author at the time of submission.  A proposal SHOULD
      be disinterested if and only if its effects are limited
      to correcting errors and/or ambiguities.

Amend Rule 2153 (Interest Index) to read:

      An entity's interest index is an integer from 0 to 3, default
      value 1.  An entity's interest index SHOULD be proportional to
      its complexity.

      "Disinterested" is a synonym for "interest index 0".

Create a rule titled "Interest Index of Judicial Cases" with Power 1.5
and this text:

      Each judicial case has an interest index, which CAN be set by
      its initiator at the time of initiation, and CAN be changed
      by any player without 2 objections, or by the Clerk of the
      Courts or Justiciar without 3 objections.

Create a rule titled "Judicial Rank" with Power 1.5 and this text:

      Judicial rank is a player switch, tracked by the Clerk of the
      Courts, with the same range and default as interest indices.

      A player is poorly qualified to judge judicial cases whose
      interest index exceeds eir judicial rank.

      A player CAN flip eir judicial rank to any value by announcement.

      When a judgement is overruled on appeal, if the prior judge's
      rank is higher than 1, then it is decreased by 1, and e CANNOT
      increase it for 30 days afterward (the rest of this rule
      notwithstanding).

      "District", "Circuit", and "Supreme" are synonymous with judicial
      ranks 1, 2, and 3, respectively.

Create a rule titled "Interest Index of Offices" with this text:

      Each office has an interest index.

      A player CAN flip an office's interest index to any value without
      objection, or without 2 objections if e holds the office.

Amend Rule 2126 (Notes) by replacing this text:

      (2) (E)  At the end of each week, each player who completed the
               non-empty set of weekly duties of at least one office
               during that week gains an E Note.

          (Eb) At the end of each month, each player who completed the
               non-empty set of monthly duties of at least one office
               during that month gains an Eb Note.

      (3) (D)  At the end of each week, each player who published at
               least one on-time judgement during that week gains a D
               Note.

with this text:

      (2) (E)  At the end of each week, each player who completed the
               non-empty set of weekly duties of at least one office
               during that week gains a number of E Notes equal to the
               highest interest index among all such offices.

          (Eb) At the end of each month, each player who completed the
               non-empty set of monthly duties of at least one office
               during that month gains a number of Eb Notes equal to the
               highest interest index among all such offices.

      (3) (D)  At the end of each week, each player who published at
               least one on-time judgement during that week gains a
               number of D Notes equal to the highest interest index
               among all such cases.