ID: 5984
Title: Party Politics
Author: Wooble
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2.0

Create a new Power 2 rule entitled "Cliques" with the following text:

    Clique leader is a public contract switch, tracked by the
    Notary, with a default value of 'none', and a set of possible
    values which consists of all Ministers Without Portfolio who are
    parties to that contract.

    A public contract is a clique if and only if it has a clique
    leader other than 'none'.

    The clique leader of a contract CANNOT be flipped if doing so
    would cause any person to be a party to more than one
    clique. Any contract change that would cause a person to be
    party to more than one clique is IMPOSSIBLE, rules to the
    contrary notwithstanding.

    Coalition is a clique switch, tracked by the Notary, with a set
    of possible values which consists of the set of cliques, with a
    default value of the clique itself. A clique's coalition CAN be
    flipped by its clique leader by announcement, subject to
    modification by the clique's contract.

    Puissance is an attribute of a clique, defined as the number of
    first-class players who are parties to cliques with the clique
    in question as their coalition.

    The majority leader is the clique leader of the clique with the
    greatest puissance, if any.

Amend Rule 402 (Identity of the Speaker), retitling it "Choosing the
Speaker" and replacing "The" at the start of the first paragraph with:

    Any player CAN, with 2 support, install the majority leader as
    Speaker. If there is no majority leader, any player CAN cause
    the Speaker to cease to be Speaker by announcement.  If the
    Speaker would otherwise be vacant, the

Create a new Power 2 rule entitled "The Cabinet" with the following
text:

    Cabinetry is an elected office switch with values Cabinet and
    Noncabinet (default), tracked by the IADoP.  If the Speaker is a
    clique leader, e CAN flip the Cabinetry of an office by
    announcement. When the Speaker is replaced by a new Speaker, the
    Cabinetry of each office is flipped to Noncabinet.

    Rules to the contrary notwithstanding, the Speaker's voting
    limit in elections for Cabinet offices is three, if and only if
    eir final vote is for a party to eir clique.