ID: 6010
Title: Rests
Author: ais523
Co-authors: Goethe, Murphy, comex, OscarMeyr
Adoption index: 2.0

Create a power-2 rule called "Rests" with the following text:

    Rests are a fixed asset, whose recordkeepor is the Conductor.
    The creation and destruction of Rests is secured with a power
    threshold of 1.7, a person generally CANNOT destroy rests
    except as permitted by Rules explicitly stating methods by
    which rests in particular CAN be destroyed.

    Ownership of Rests is restricted to first-class persons. If, in
    the absence of this restriction, a number (N) of Rests would
    be created in the ownership of a non-first-class person, then for
    each member of that person's basis, N Rests are created in that
    member's possession.

    A player CAN spend two Notes in order to destroy a Rest owned
    by a player e specifies.


Create a power-2 rule called "Just Resting" with the following text:

   Owning one or more Rests is a Losing Condition.

   While a person owns at least 8 Rests, that person CANNOT spend
   Notes except to destroy Rests e owns.  This takes precedence
   over any other rule.

   While a player owns at least 24 Rests, that player CAN be
   deregistered by any player by announcement.  A person who owns
   at least 6 Rests, or where every member of eir basis owns 6 Rests,
   CANNOT register, rules to the contrary notwithstanding.

   A person who has one or more rests but is not a player is a
   Fugitive.  The Herald's report shall include a list of all
   Fugitives and the number of Rests they possess.  At the
   beginning of each month, half of each Fugitive's rests (rounded
   down) are destroyed.


Amend Rule 2156 ("Voting on Ordinary Decisions") by replacing the last
paragraph with:

   The eligible voters on an ordinary decision are those entities
   that were active players at the start of its voting period.  The
   voting limit of an eligible voter on an ordinary decision is eir
   caste at the start of its voting period, reduced to the next
   lower caste (minimum Savage) for each positive multiple of 4
   Rests that the voter posesses at the start of the voting period.


Repeal rule 2190 ("Crime Doesn't Pay").


Create a power-2 rule called "Notices of Violation" with the
following text:
    A player MAY publish a Notice of Violation alleging that a
    single entity (the Accused) has broken a Rule.  To be considered
    a valid notice of violation, the notice must specify all of:
       (a) The identity of the Accused;
       (b) The allegedly illegal action/inaction in question;
       (c) The Rule that was allegedly broken;
       (d) The name of the Class-N Crime (if any) specified in the
           Rules as being associated with the alleged breach, where N
           is the positive integer specified in the Rules for that
           Crime.

    Knowingly issuing a Notice of Violation with incorrect
    information is ILLEGAL, and the Class-4 Crime of Libel.

    A Notice of Violation is valid if and only if:
        (1) it clearly specifies the required information for a
            Notice of Violation;
        (2) no previous valid notice specified substantially
            identical information (i.e. the same violation for the
            same specific act).
        (3) when a crime is named, the crime is specified within
            the Rules.

    Neither a Ticket's incorrectness (i.e. whether its allegation
    is false) nor its unfairness (i.e. whether the punishment resulting
    from leaving it Uncontested would be manifestly unfair according to
    the guidance of the Rules) affects its validity.

    As soon as possible after a player makes an announcement that
    is reasonably recognizable as an attempt to issue such a
    notice, the Clerk of the Courts SHALL announce whether the
    Notice was valid. Such a Clerk of the Court's announcement is
    self-ratifying.  Affirming the validity of the notice does not
    in itself certify the correctness of the allegation.

    A valid Notice of Violation is initially Uncontested if a Crime
    is named, Contested otherwise.  Within four days after the
    publication of an Uncontested Ticket, any player CAN make it
    Contested by announcement; a player SHOULD do so if e believes
    it is incorrect and/or unfair.  An Uncontested Ticket becomes
    Contested upon the initiation of a judicial case questioning
    its incorrectness and/or unfairness (but not merely by
    questioning its validity).

    If a notice remains uncontested for four days, a number of
    Rests are created in the possession of the Accused equal to
    the power of the violated Rule rounded up.  If the notice
    becomes contested after four days, these Rests remain, but CAN
    be later destroyed by judicial processes as described
    elsewhere.


Amend Rule 1504 to read:
     There is a subclass of judicial case known as a criminal case.
     Any first-class person can initiate a criminal case by an
     announcement calling for judgement on the circumstances
     surrounding a specified valid Notice of Violation alleging a
     rules breach by a single entity (the Accused).  The initiator
     and each member of the Accused's basis are unqualified to be
     assigned as judge of the case.

     A criminal case has a judicial question on culpability, which is
     applicable at all times following the call for judgement.  The
     valid judgements for this question are:

     * GUILTY, appropriate if the judge finds, beyond a reasonable
       doubt, that ALL of the following are true:
       (a) the Accused breached the specified rule via the specified
           act;
       (b) the breach occurred within 200 days prior to the case being
           initiated;
       (c) judgement has not already been reached in another criminal
           case, or punishment already applied through another
           uncontested notice of violation, with the same Accused, the
           same rule, and substantially the same alleged act;
       (d) the Accused could not have reasonably believed that the
           alleged act did not violate the specified rule;
       (e) the Accused could have reasonably avoided committing the
           breach without committing a different breach of equal or
           greater severity.

     * NOT GUILTY, appropriate if GUILTY is not appropriate.  In
       delivering this verdict, the judge SHOULD indicate which of
       of the sub-requirements for a finding of guilty were not found
       to be true beyond a reasonable doubt.  If the Accused is
       found to be NOT GUILTY after a number of rests have been
       created in eir possession due to the notice in question, the
       judge CAN and SHALL destroy any such rests by announcement as
       soon as possible.

     A criminal case has a judicial question on sentencing, which is
     applicable if the question on culpability is applicable and has
     a judgement of GUILTY.  If a criminal case has an applicable
     question on sentencing which has a judgement, the Accused is
     hereafter known as the ninny, the judgement in the question on
     sentencing is known as the sentence, and the sentence is in
     effect.

     The valid sentences are:

     * DISCHARGE, appropriate only in extraordinary circumstances, if
       any available non-null punishment would be manifestly unjust.
       Has no effect.

     * APOLOGY with a set of up to ten words (the prescribed words),
       appropriate for rule breaches of small consequence.  When in
       effect, the ninny SHALL as soon as possible publish a formal
       apology of at least 200 words, including all the prescribed
       words, explaining eir error, shame, remorse, and ardent
       desire for self-improvement.   Failure to do so is a Class-3
       Crime of Failure to Apologize.

     * SILENCE, a number of Rests, equal to the defined Class of the
       Crime or (if the breach is not a defined crime) the power
       of the breached Rule, are created in the possession of the
       Ninny.  If the Ninny showed bad faith by contesting an
       obviously-correct notice or by obstructing the course of
       justice, the judge CAN double the amount of the fine with
       2 Support.

     Players SHOULD NOT create rules defining Crimes of a Class
     greater than 14.

     An appeal concerning any assignment of judgement in a criminal
     case within the past week CAN be initiated by the accused by
     announcement.  If a verdict or sentence that led to the
     creation of Rests is overruled, remanded, or reassigned, the
     Rests are still considered to have been created, but the
     appeals panel CAN and SHALL destroy any created Rests by
     announcement.

For each person in the chokey immediately before this proposal was
adopted, create 1 Rest in eir possession for each week remaining in the
tariff of the sentence that causes em to be in the chokey, to a maximum
of 23 Rests for that person.