ID: 6014
Title: Re-streamline Appeals
Author: Goethe
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1.7

[The change back in the great repeals of requiring consensus appeals
 judgements was interesting, but ultimately I think its (a) more
 streamlined to require individual appeals member votes on a
 judgement with a default if theres no majority and (b) better for
 Agora to give each and every panel member a separate requirement to
 deliver an appropriate judgment.  The default of REMAND seems the
 most reasonable; the original judge can directly address appellants
 comments but keep the same judgment (for the next panel if needed).
 Also, takes to CotC out of choice].

Amend Rule 2157 (Judicial Panels) by replacing:
     A judicial panel CAN send messages by means of any of its
     members sending a message identified as being from the panel,
     with the unanimous Support of the panel's other members, or
     (unless the CotC is a member of the panel, the prior judge, or
     unqualified to be assigned as judge of the prior case) with the
     Support of at least half the other members and the Support of
     the CotC.  The CotC SHOULD so Support a majority action if the
     panel has made a reasonable effort to achieve consensus.  By
     this mechanism a judicial panel can act, in situations where the
     rules state that an action is performed by sending a message.
with:
     A judicial panel CAN send messages by means of any of its
     members sending a message identified as being from the panel,
     with the unanimous Support of the panel's other members.  By
     this mechanism a judicial panel can act, in situations where the
     rules state that an action is performed by sending a message.
     The rules may specify other mechanisms by which the judicial
     panel CAN act.

Amend Rule 911 (Appeal Cases) by adding, immediately following this
paragraph:
     When an appeal case is initiated, the prior question is
     suspended, and remains so until the question on disposition in
     the appeal case is judged.
this paragraph:
     As soon as possible after a judicial panel is assigned, each
     member of the panel SHALL publish an appeals opinion indicating
     a valid and appropriate judgement to assign to the case  only
     the first such published opinion for each member is used to
     determine the outcome.  Each member SHOULD include arguments for
     eir choice of judgement. If, immediately after either all members
     have so published or the time limit for so publishing has ended,
     a majority of the members have opined for the same judgement, the
     panel acts to deliver the judgement in question.  If the time
     period ends with no majority judgement, the panel acts to deliver
     a judgement of REMAND.  If the panel publishes a valid judgement
     via another mechanism specified in the Rules, the requirement for
     individual members to publish individual opinions is waived.