ID: 6020
Title: Complex scoring
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: root
Adoption index: 2.0

root is a co-author of this proposal.

Amend Rule 2179 (Points) to read:

     For each point axis:

       a) <axis> Points is a fixed currency.

       b) A player's <axis> coordinate (syn. <axis> score) is the
          number of <axis> points e owns.

     There are two point axes, X and Y.  A player's score is x + yi,
     where x is eir X coordinate and y is eir Y coordinate.

     Ownership of points is restricted to players.  If winning is
     secured, then changes to point holdings are secured with the
     same power threshold.

     The Scorekeepor is a high-priority office, and the recordkeepor
     of points.

Amend Rule 2136 (Contests) by replacing this text:

      b) Doing so would cause a player to be contestmaster of more
         than one contest.

with this text:

      b) Doing so would cause a player to be contestmaster of
         multiple contests sharing an axis.

and by removing each paragraph pertaining to the award or revocation
of points.

Create a rule titled "Contest Axes" with Power 2 and this text:

     Each contest has one or more axes, defaulting to {X}.

     An axis can be added to or removed from a contest as follows,
     provided that it would not cause a player to be contestmaster
     of multiple contests sharing an axis:

      a) by any player without 3 objections, or

      b) by any mechanism specified by that contest for changing
         its axes.

Create a rule titled "Awarding and Revoking Points" with Power 2 and
this text:

     For each of a contest's axes, where N is the number of its
     parties that were active first-class players at the beginning
     of the week:

       a) A contest CAN award a total of 5N <axis> points per
          week.  Its contestmaster CAN award points (up to this
          total) to its other parties by announcement, and SHALL
          do so as explicitly described in its contract.

       b) A contest CAN revoke a total of 2N <axis> points per
          week.  Its contestmaster CAN revoke such points (up to
          this total) from its other parties by announcement, and
          SHALL do so as explicitly described in its contract.

Create a rule titled "Rewarding Contestmasters" with Power 2 and this
text:

     As soon as possible after the end of a month, for each contest
     and each of its axes, the Scorekeepor CAN and SHALL by
     announcement award N <axis> points to the player (if any) who
     was its contestmaster for at at least 16 days during that month
     and performed duties related to that contest in a timely manner
     during that month, where N is the number of players who were
     contestants of that contest at any time during that month.

Amend Rule 2187 (Win by High Score) by replacing this text:

     Upon a win announcement that one or more players have a score of
     at least 100 (specifying all such players), all those players
     satisfy the Winning Condition of High Score.

     Cleanup procedure:  All those players have eir scores set to 0.
     All other players have eir scores set to floor(N*S/10), where N
     is eir previous score and S is the Score Index.

with this text:

     Upon a win announcement that one or more players have a score
     x + yi such that xy >= 2500 (specifying all such players), all
     those players satisfy the Winning Condition of High Score.

     Cleanup procedure:  All those players have eir scores set to 0.
     All other players have each of eir coordinates set to
     floor(P*S/10), where P is eir previous coordinate along that
     axis and S is the Score Index.

Upon the adoption of this proposal, each player has each of eir <axis>
scores set to eir score immediately before the adoption of this
proposal.