ID: 6023
Title: Cleanup of Power=2 definitions
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2.0

Amend Rule 2186 (Victory) by replacing this text:

     Winning Conditions and Losing Conditions exist only as defined
     by rules.

with this text:

     Winning Conditions and Losing Conditions are conditions defined
     as such by the rules.

and by replacing this text:

     This is the only way to win the game

with this text:

     The game CANNOT be won in any other way

Amend Rule 2177 (The Senate) by replacing this text:

     The collection of Senators is the Senate.

with this text:

     The set of all Senators is known as the Senate.

and by replacing this text:

     any first-class player who is a member of the roll call is a
     senator.

with this text:

     a senator is a first-class player who is a member of the roll
     call.

and by replacing "Senate supporters" with "Senator supporters",
and by replacing "Senate objections" with "Senator objections".

Amend Rule 2166 (Assets) by replacing this text:

     A class of assets is public if its backing document is a rule or
     a public contract; otherwise it is private.

with this text:

     A public class of assets is a class of assets whose backing
     document is a rule or a public contract.  All others are private.

Amend Rule 1006 (Offices) by replacing this text:

     A role is an office if and only if it is so defined by the
     rules.  Each office at any time either is vacant (default) or is
     filled (held) by exactly one player.  The holder of an office is
     an officer, and may be referred to by the name of the office.

     An office is imposed if it is so described by the rule defining
     it; otherwise, it is elected.

with this text:

     An office is a role defined as such by the rules.  Each office
     is either vacant (default) or filled (held) by exactly one
     player.  An officer is the holder of an office, who may be
     referred to by the name of that office.

     An imposed office is an office described as such by the rule
     defining it.  All others are elected.

Amend Rule 2159 (Protective Decrees) by replacing this text:

     A protective decree is an act of Agora the intended effect of
     which is to make explicit changes to the state of a protectorate
     nomic.

with this text:

     A protective decree is an act of Agora whose intended effect is
     to make explicit changes to the state of a protectorate nomic.

and by replacing this text:

     The initiation of a protective decree is a secured change.  The
     initiating instrument must specify the target protectorate and
     the changes to be made to it.  Any ambiguity in the
     specification of a protective decree causes it to be void and
     without effect.  This is the only mechanism by which a
     protective decree can be initiated.

with this text:

     Initiating a protective decree is secured, and is INVALID
     unless the initiating instrument unambiguously specifies the
     target protectorate and the changes to be made to it.