ID: 6024
Title: Cleanup of judicial definitions
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2.0

Amend Rule 2175 (Judicial Retraction and Excess) to read:

     A new case is a judicial case (other than an appeal case) that
     has not had any judge assigned to it.  The initiator of a new
     case CAN retract it by announcement, thus causing it to cease
     to be a judicial case.

     An excess case is a new case whose initiator previously initiated
     five or more cases during the same week as that case.  The Clerk
     of the Courts CAN refuse an excess case by announcement, thus
     causing it to cease to be a judicial case.

Amend Rule 1868 (Judge Assignment Generally) by replacing this text:

                     A recusal is "with cause" if and only if stated
     as such by the rules.

with this text:

                     A recusal "with cause" is a recusal defined as
     such by the rules.

Amend Rule 2164 (Judicial Self-Recusal and Case Transfer) by replacing
this text:

                            If e has been assigned to the case for at
     least four days, such a recusal is with cause.

with this text:

                            Such a recusal is with cause if and only
     if e has been assigned to the case for at least four days.

Amend Rule 591 (Inquiry Cases) by replacing this text:

     There is a subclass of judicial case known as an inquiry case.

with this text:

     Inquiry cases are a subclass of judicial cases.

Amend Rule 1504 (Criminal Cases) by replacing this text:

     There is a subclass of judicial case known as a criminal case.

with this text:

     Criminal cases are a subclass of judicial cases.

Amend Rule 2169 (Equity Cases) by replacing this text:

     There is a subclass of judicial case known as an equity case.

with this text:

     Equity cases are a subclass of judicial cases.

Amend Rule 911 (Appeal Cases) by replacing this text:

     There is a subclass of judicial case known as an appeal case.

with this text:

     Appeal cases are a subclass of judicial cases.