ID: 6080
Title: Cacophony
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2.0

If both the Conductor and the Insulator published eir reports during
the voting period of the decision on whether to adopt this proposal,
then this proposal has no effect.

Change the title of Rule 2126 to "Bennies", and amend it to read:

     Bennies (sing. Bennie) are a class of fixed assets.  Ownership
     of Bennies is restricted to players.

     The Payroll Clerk is an office, and the recordkeepor of Bennies.

     Bennies are gained as follows:

     (1) At the end of each week, each player who had at least one of
         eir interested proposals adopted during that week gains a
         Bennie.

     (2) (a) At the end of each week, each player who completed the
             non-empty set of weekly duties of at least one office
             during that week gains a Bennie.

         (b) At the end of each month, each player who completed the
             non-empty set of monthly duties of at least one office
             during that month gains a Bennie.

     (3) At the end of each week, each player who published at least
         one on-time judgement during that week gains a Bennie.

Terminate the contract "Note Exchange".

Change the title of Rule 2228 to "Slaps", and amend it to read:

     Slaps are a fixed asset, whose recordkeepor is the Conductor.
     The creation and destruction of Slaps is secured with a power
     threshold of 1.7; a person generally CANNOT destroy Slaps except
     as permitted by Rules explicitly stating methods by which Slaps
     in particular CAN be destroyed.

     Ownership of Slaps is restricted to first-class persons. If, in
     the absence of this restriction, a number (N) of Slaps would be
     created in the ownership of a non-first-class person, then for
     each member of that person's basis, N Slaps are created in that
     member's possession.

     A player CAN spend two Bennies to destroy a Slap owned by another
     player, or three Bennies to destroy a Slap owned by emself.

Change the title of Rule 2229 to "Pain", and amend it by replacing
each instance of "Rests" with "Slaps", and "Notes" with "Bennies".

Amend Rule 2230 (Notices of Violation) by replacing each instance of
"Rests" with "Slaps".

Amend Rule 1504 (Criminal Cases) by replacing each instance of
"Rests" with "Slaps".

Amend Rule 2156 (Voting on Ordinary Decisions) to read:

     The eligible voters on an ordinary decision are those entities
     that were active players at the start of its voting period.  The
     initial voting limit of each eligible voter on an ordinary
     decision is one.

     During the voting period of an ordinary decision, a player
     CAN spend one Bennie to increase or decrease another
     player's voting limit on that voting proposal by one, or
     two Bennies to so alter eir own voting limit on it.

Repeal Rule 2211 (The Grand Poobah).

Terminate the contract "Grand Poobah Caste Policy".

Amend Rule 2019 (Prerogatives) by removing the section defining
the Wielder of Extra Votes.