ID: 6149
Title: Simpler Notes
Author: ais523
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2.0

For each Note that existed just before this proposal was adopted, create
another Note of the same pitch in the ownership of that Note's owner.

Replace the text of rule 2126 with:
{{{
     Notes are a class of fixed assets.  Ownership of Notes is
     restricted to players.  If changes to caste are secured, then
     changes to Notes are secured with the same power threshold.

     Each Note has exactly one pitch from the chromatic scale
     (ignoring octaves, and treating enharmonics as equivalent).
     Each pitch of Note is a currency.

     The Conductor is an office, and the recordkeepor of Notes.

     Once per month, a player can Transpose eir Notes up a specified
     number of semitones by announcement. This causes each of eir
     Notes to be replaced with a Note whose pitch is the specified
     number of semitones higher.

     At the end of each week (or month in the case of Eb Notes),
     each player gains the following Notes (for the purposes of the
     list below, the maximum value of a null set is 0):

     (1) (C)  A number of C Notes equal to the number of Contests
              (to a maximum of 3) via which Points were awarded to
              that player that week;

         (C#) A number of C# Notes equal to the number of players
              (to a maximum of 3) that that player awarded points to
              as a contestmaster;

     (2) (D)  A number of D Notes equal to the highest II amongst
              judicial cases that were judged on time by that player
              that week;

     (3) (Eb) A number of Eb Notes equal to the highest II amongst
              offices for which that player completed the non-empty
              set of monthly duties that month (this is awarded at
              the end of each month, not the end of each week);

         (E)  A number of E Notes equal to the highest II amongst
              offices for which that player completed the non-empty
              set of weekly duties that week;

     (4) (F)  A number of F Notes equal to the highest II amongst
              offices whose weekly duties were completed that week,
              and part or all of that completion was via
              deputization by that player;

     (5) (Ab) A number of Ab Notes equal to the highest AI amongst
              interested proposals authored by that player that were
              ADOPTED that week;

         (A)  A number of A Notes equal to the highest AI amongst
              interested proposals authored by that player that were
              REJECTED that week, but with VI >= AI/2;

     (6) (Bb) A number of Bb Notes equal to the highest II amongst
              proposals authored by that player that were ADOPTED by
              an ordinary decision that week;

         (B)  A number of B Notes equal to the highest II amongst
              proposals authored by that player that were ADOPTED by
              a democratic decision that week;

     Notes CAN be spent (destroyed) as follows:

     (1) A player CAN spend five Notes forming the start of a major
         scale to increase another non-Alpha player's caste by 1
         level.

     (2) A non-Alpha player CAN spend seven Notes forming a major
         scale to increase eir own caste by 1 level.

     (3) A player CAN spend five Notes forming the start of a minor
         scale to decrease another non-Savage player's caste by 1
         level.

     (4) A non-Savage player CAN spend seven Notes forming a minor
         scale to decrease eir own caste by 1 level.

     (5) A player CAN spend two Notes of the same pitch to make
         another player gain one Note of that pitch.

     (6) During Agora's Birthday, a player CAN spend Notes forming
         the melody "Happy Birthday" (GGAGCB GGAGDC GGGECBA FFECDC or
         a translation thereof) to satisfy the Winning Condition of
         Musicianship, unless another player has already done so
         during that Birthday.

     (7) A player CAN spend three Notes to gain a Note whose pitch is
         as many semitones distant from one of the Notes spent as the
         distance between the other two Notes spent.
}}}

In Rule 2228, replace
{{{
A player CAN spend two Notes
}}}
with
{{{
A player CAN spend three Notes
}}}