ID: 6150
Title: Pandemonium
Author: Pavitra
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3.0

Amend rule 106 (Adopting Proposals) by replacing
     A player CAN create a proposal by publishing ("submitting") a
     body of text with a clear indication that it is intended to
     become a proposal, which places the proposal in the Proposal
     Pool.

     A player specifically permitted by the Rules to distribute a
     Proposal CAN distribute the proposal by publishing it with the
     clear intent of distributing it.  When a proposal is
     distributed, it is removed from the Proposal Pool.  The
     distribution of a proposal initiates the Agoran decision of
     whether to adopt the proposal, as described elsewhere.  Removing
     a proposal from the Pool by a means other than initiating an
     Agoran Decision to adopt it is secured.
with
     A player CAN create a proposal by publishing ("submitting")
     the SHA512 hash of a body of text with a clear indication that
     the body of text is intended become a proposal, which places the
     proposal in the Proposal Pool.

     A person SHALL NOT reveal the text of a proposal that is in the
     Proposal Pool or for which the Agoran Decision whether to adopt
     the proposal has not been resolved.

     A person SHALL NOT submit a proposal whose text has been sent to
     any forum.

     A player specifically permitted by the Rules to distribute a
     Proposal CAN distribute the proposal by publishing its SHA512
     hash with the clear intent of distributing the proposal.  When a
     proposal is distributed, it is removed from the Proposal Pool.
     The distribution of a proposal initiates the Agoran decision of
     whether to adopt the proposal, as described elsewhere.  Removing
     a proposal from the Pool by a means other than initiating an
     Agoran Decision to adopt it is secured.

and inserting the following paragraph before the last:
     As soon as possible after a proposal is adopted, the submitter
     SHALL publish the proposal's text.
}

I submit the following proposal, "H.", AI 3, II 1:
{
Increase the power of rule 2150 (The Map of Agora) to 3.

Decrease the power of rule 101 (The Rights of Agorans) to 1.