ID: 6196
Title: pragmatic ribbons
Author: Wooble
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2.0

In Rule 2199, replace:
      Ribbons are gained as follows, unless the player already
      possesses the color of Ribbon to be gained:

      (+R) When an interested proposal is adopted and changes at least
           one rule with Power >= 3, its proposer gains a Red Ribbon.

      (+O) When an interested proposal is adopted by voting with no
           valid votes AGAINST, its proposer gains an Orange Ribbon.

      (+G) At the end of each month, each player who held at least one
           office continuously during that month gains a Green Ribbon,
           unless e failed to perform an official duty within a time
           limit during that month.

      (+C) When a player deputises for an office, e gains a Cyan
           Ribbon.

      (+B) When a player assigns a judgement to a judicial question
           other than a question on sentencing, e gains a Blue Ribbon,
           unless e violated a requirement to submit that judgement
           within a time limit.

      (+K) When a player assigns a judgement to a judicial question on
           sentencing, e gains a Black Ribbon, unless e violated a
           requirement to submit that judgement within a time limit.

      (+W) When a first-class person becomes a player for the first
           time, e gains a White Ribbon.  When a first-class person
           has been a player continuously for at least three months,
           was never a player before that period, and names another
           player as eir mentor (and has not named a mentor in this
           fashion before), that player gains a White Ribbon.

      (+M) When, during Agora's birthday, a player publicly
           acknowledges the occasion, e gains a Magenta Ribbon.

      (+U) When a player is awarded the Patent Title Champion, e gains
           an Ultraviolet Ribbon.

      (+V) When a player is awarded a Patent Title, e gains a Violet
           Ribbon, unless e gains a different Ribbon for the award.

      (+I) When a player is awarded a degree, e gains an Indigo
           Ribbon.

      (+Y) At the end of each month, for each contest that awarded
           points to at least three different contestants during that
           month, the contestmaster gains a Yellow Ribbon.

with:
      When a player earns a Ribbon as outlined below, any person
      CAN create that ribbon in the player's possession by
      announcement, unless the player already possesses the color
      of Ribbon e earned:

      (+R) When an interested proposal is adopted and changes at
           least one rule with Power >= 3, its proposer earns a
           Red Ribbon.

      (+O) When an interested proposal is adopted by voting with
           no valid votes AGAINST, its proposer earns an Orange
           Ribbon.

      (+G) At the end of each month, each player who held at
           least one office continuously during that month earns
           a Green Ribbon, unless e failed to perform an official
           duty within a time limit during that month.

      (+C) When a player deputises for an office, e earns a Cyan
           Ribbon.

      (+B) When a player assigns a judgement to a judicial
           question other than a question on sentencing, e earns
           a Blue Ribbon, unless e violated a requirement to
           submit that judgement within a time limit.

      (+K) When a player assigns a judgement to a judicial
           question on sentencing, e earns a Black Ribbon, unless
           e violated a requirement to submit that judgement
           within a time limit.

      (+W) When a first-class person becomes a player for the
           first time, e earns a White Ribbon.  When a
           first-class person has been a player continuously for
           at least three months, was never a player before that
           period, and names another player as eir mentor (and
           has not named a mentor in this fashion before), that
           player earns a White Ribbon.

      (+M) When, during Agora's birthday, a player publicly
           acknowledges the occasion, e earns a Magenta Ribbon.

      (+U) When a player is awarded the Patent Title Champion, e
           earns an Ultraviolet Ribbon.

      (+V) When a player is awarded a Patent Title, e earns a
           Violet Ribbon, unless e earns a different Ribbon for
           the award.

      (+I) When a player is awarded a degree, e earns an Indigo
           Ribbon.

      (+Y) At the end of each month, for each contest that
           awarded points to at least three different contestants
           during that month, the contestmaster earns a Yellow
           Ribbon