ID: 6198
Title: Depower winning
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2.0

Amend Rule 2186 (Victory) to read:

      Winning Conditions and Losing Conditions are conditions defined
      as such by the rules.  When one or more persons satisfy at least
      one Winning Condition and do not satisfy any Losing Conditions,
      all such persons win the game.  The game CANNOT be won in any
      other way, rules to the contrary notwithstanding.

      Each Winning Condition should (if needed) specify a cleanup
      procedure to prevent an arbitrary number of wins arising from
      essentially the same conditions.  When one or more persons win
      the game, for each Winning Condition satisfied by at least one
      of those persons, its cleanup procedure occurs.

      A win announcement is a correct announcement explicitly labeled
      as a win announcement and/or clearly stating that one or more
      persons win the game.

Create a rule titled "The Games of Agora" with this text:

      When used as a period of time, a "game" is the period of time
      between one instant at which at least one person won the game,
      and the next such instant. The "first game" was the period of
      time prior to the first instant at which a person won the game.

Create a rule titled "Win by Not Losing" with this text:

      While a player is the only active first-class player not to
      satisfy at least one Losing Condition, e satisfies the Winning
      Condition of Solitude.

      Cleanup procedure:  The same person cannot satisfy this Winning
      Condition again until at least one other player ceases to
      satisfy any Losing Condition.

Change the power of these rules to 1:
  2110 (Win by Paradox)
  2199 (Ribbons)
  2223 (Win by Junta)
  2188 (Win by Proposal)
  2179 (Points)
  2136 (Contests)
  2232 (Contest Axes)
  2233 (Awarding and Revoking Points)
  2242 (Champion's Contests)
  2234 (Rewarding Contestmasters)
  2187 (Win by High Score)

[Musicianship and Clout omitted because they're related to castes]