ID: 6213
Title: It's only a game
Author: comex
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3.0

Amend Rule 101 by replacing "player" with "active player" in item
(iv), and by removing item (vii).

Repeal Rule 869 (How to Join and Leave Agora).

Amend Rule 2130 (Activity) to read:

      Activity is a person switch with values inactive (default) and
      active, tracked by the Registrar.  The Registrar's report
      includes the date on which each non-active person's activity
      last changed.

      A person CAN flip eir activity by announcement.  "To go on hold"
      or to be deactivated is to become inactive; "to come off hold"
      or to be activated is to become active.  A player CAN flip
      another player's activity to inactive without objection.

      A person who has become inactive through a mechanism not defined
      in this rule CANNOT become active for thirty days thereafter,
      rules to the contrary notwithstanding.

Repeal Rule 2145 (Partnerships).

Amend Rule 1742 (Contracts) by removing "that has never been a
partnership".

Amend Rule 2178 (Public Contracts) by removing the paragraph starting
with "A partnership CAN identify its contract as a public contract".

Amend Rule 2200 (Nomic Definitions) by removing the paragraph starting
with "An embassy is a registered partnership".

Amend Rule 2150 (Personhood) by replacing the entire rule with:

      A person is a biological organism that is generally capable of
      communicating by email in English (including via a translation
      service).

Amend Rule 2177 (The Senate) by replacing "first-class player who has
been registered" with "person who has been active" and by replacing
"first-class player who is a member of the roll call" with "person who
is a member of the roll call".

Amend Rule 2228 (Rests) by removing the paragraph starting with
"Ownership of Rests is restricted to first-class persons", and by
replacing "A first-class player CAN" with "A person CAN".

Amend Rule 2124 (Agoran Satisfaction) by replacing "first-class
player" with "person".

Amend Rule 1950 (Voting on Democratic Decisions) by replacing
"first-class players" with "persons".

Amend Rule 2156 (Voting on Ordinary Decisions) by removing "(default
for active first-class players and provinces)" and "(default for all
other players)".

Amend Rule 591 (Inquiry Cases) by removing "first-class".

Amend Rule 1504 (Criminal Cases) by removing "first-class".

Amend Rule 1868 (Judge Assignment Generally) by removing "first-class".

Amend Rule 2136 (Contests) by replacing "first-class players" with
"active persons".

Amend Rule 2233 (Awarding and Revoking Points) by removing
"first-class".

Amend Rule 2233 (Victory) by removing "first-class".

Amend Rule 2199 (Ribbons) by replacing:

      (+W) When a first-class person becomes a player for the first
           time, e gains a White Ribbon.  When a first-class person
           has been a player continuously for at least three months,
           was never a player before that period, and names another
           player as eir mentor (and has not named a mentor in this
           fashion before), that player gains a White Ribbon.

with:

     (+W) When a person becomes active for the first time, e gains a
          White Ribbon.  When a person has been active continuously
          for at least three months, was never active before that
          period, and names another active person as eir mentor (and
          has not named a mentor in this fashion before), that person
          gains a White Ribbon.

Amend Rule 1789 (Cantus Cygneus) by replacing:

      As soon as possible after receiving a Cantus Cygneus, the
      Registrar shall publish this document along with a Writ of
      Fugere Agorae Grandissima Exprobratione, commanding the Player
      to be deregistered. The Registrar shall note the method of
      deregistration for that Player in subsequent Registrar Reports,
      as long as the Player remains deregistered.

      The Player is deregistered as of the posting of the Writ, and
      the notation in the Registrar's Report will ensure that,
      henceforth, all may know said Player deregistered in a Writ of
      FAGE.

with:

      As soon as possible after receiving a Cantus Cygneus, the
      Registrar shall publish this document along with a Writ of
      Fugere Agorae Grandissima Exprobratione, commanding the Player
      to be rendered inactive. The Registrar shall note the method of
      deactivation for that Player in all subsequent Registrar
      Reports.

      The Player becomes inactive as of the posting of the Writ, and
      the notation in the Registrar's Report will ensure that,
      henceforth, all may know said Player deactivated emself in a
      Writ of FAGE.

Amend Rule 2229 (Just Resting) by replacing "deregistered" with "made
inactive", and by replacing "not a player" by "inactive".

Amend Rule 1922 (Defined Regular Patent Titles) by replacing
"deregistered in" with "submitted".

Amend Rule 402 (Identity of the Speaker) by replacing "registered"
with "active".

Amend Rule 2139 by replacing:

      The Registrar's report includes, for each player:

      a) Information sufficient to identify and contact em.
      b) The date on which e most recently became a player.

with:

      The Registrar's report includes, for each active person:

      a) Information sufficient to identify and contact em.
      b) The date on which e most recently became active.


Amend each rule, in order of ID number, by replacing "player" with
"person".

[Repeal partnerships.  Repeal playership and fall back to activity;
everyone is a player.  This allows a more natural entrance to the
game.  It's radical, but nomic is all about challenging the
traditional notion of a game: why can't everyone be a player?]