ID: 6215
Title: Define Contestant
Author: coppro
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2.0

Create a new power-2 rule entitled {Contestants} with the following
text:

      In order to be a contestant of a contest, an entity must be an
      active player, a party to that contest, and not its contestmaster.
      An entity that does not meet these requirements CANNOT become a
      contestant of a contest, and if an entity ever fails to meet these
      requirements for a given contest, that entity ceases to be a
      contestant of that contest. Changes to whether or not a player is
      a contestant to a contest are secured.

      In the text of a contest, contestant generally refers to the
      contestants of that contest. The set of contestants of a contract
      are that contract's contestants. Causing a player to become a
      contestant of a contest is also know as entering em to the
      contest; causing em to cease to be a contestent is to cause em to
      quit the contest.

      A player generally CAN enter or quit a contest by announcement,
      subject to the normal requirements. Any player may cause another
      player to quit a contest by announcement if that player has not,
      in the past 90 days, been awarded points by that contest or
      announced eir intent to remain a contestant of that contest.

If Enigma is a Champion's Contest, create a new power-2 rule entitled
{Enigma Contestant Exemption} with the following text:

      For the purposes of the interpretation of the text of Enigma, a
      contestant is a party to Enigma. This supersedes any other rule
      defining the term.

      If Enigma is not a Champion's Contest, any player may cause this
      rule to repeal itself by announcement.

Amend rule 2242 by replacing the paragraph reading:

      A contest's contestmaster CAN transfer ownership of or destroy a
      Medal in that contest's possession, but only as explicitly
      described by the contest's text. A Medal CANNOT be transferred
      from a contest to a player who is not a party to that contest,
      nor to its contestmaster.

with

      A contest's contestmaster CAN transfer ownership of or destroy a
      Medal in that contest's possession to a contestant of that
      contest, but only as explicitly described by the contest's text.

Amend rule 2233 by replacing each occurrence of {its other parties} with
{its contestants}.

For each contest, make each active player who is a party to that
contract and not its contestmaster a contestant of that contest.