ID: 6221
Title: Immediate Proposals
Author: coppro
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3.0

Create a power-3 rule entitled {Immediate Proposals} with this text:
{{
      If there is an ongoing Agoran Decision on the adoption of a given
      proposal, or a given proposal is in the Proposal Pool, it is
      eligible for Immediate Adoption. An entity can, by announcement,
      pledge or withdraw support for an attempt at Immediate Adoption.

      Every proposal eligible for Immediate Adoption has a Virtual
      Decision associated with it. A Virtual Decision has the same set
      of parameters as an Agoran Decision. The Virtual Decision for an
      attempt at Immediate Adoption of a proposal, unless made
      democratic, has the same parameters as the ongoing Agoran Decision
      as to the adoption of that proposal, or, if no such Decision
      exists, the Agoran Decision as to the adoption of that proposal as
      it would exist if the Promotor were to immediately distribute the
      proposal.

      If there exists a method by which an ongoing ordinary Agoran
      Decision can be made democratic, such a method also applies to a
      Virtual Decision. If a Virtual Decision has been made democratic,
      it has the same parameters as the Agoran Decision mentioned above
      would if it were made democratic.

      When the set of entities who have supported and not subsequently
      withdrew their support for the Immediate Adoption of a proposal is
      sufficient to guarantee adoption of the associated Virtual
      Decision, any player CAN cause it to take effect by announcement.
      A set of entities is sufficient to guarantee adoption of a Virtual
      Decision if, were the Virtual Decision an ongoing Agoran Decision,
      were each of those entities to each cast a number of FOR votes on
      that Decision equal to their voting limits, were each other entity
      to cast a number of AGAINST votes on that Decision equal to their
      voting limits, and were that Decision subsequently resolved, the
      outcome would be ADOPTED.

      When a proposal takes effect due to this Rule, it is removed from
      the Proposal Pool and any Agoran Decisions as to the adoption of
      that proposal cease to exist (they are not resolved).

      When an Agoran Decision as to the adoption of a proposal is
      resolved, when a proposal is removed from the Proposal Pool by a
      means other than distribution, or when a proposal is adopted by
      any means, any attempts to cause Immediate Adoption of that
      proposal end.
}}

Amend rule 106 by replacing {Preventing a proposal from taking effect is
a secured change. This rule takes precedence over any rule which would
permit a proposal to take effect.} with {Causing a proposal to take
effect and preventing a proposal from taking effects are both secured
changes.}