ID: 6234
Title: Binding Inquiries
Author: coppro
Co-authors: ais523, root, Murphy
Adoption index: 3.0

Create a new power-3 rule, named {Binding Inquiry Cases}, with the
following text:

      Binding inquiry cases are a subset of judicial cases. They are
      identical to inquiry cases except as defined in this rule. Binding
      inquiry cases generally SHOULD be initiated only when their
      special traits are required.

      In addition to providing a statement to inquire into (the Inquiry
      Statement), the announcement initiating a binding inquiry case
      MUST include an Opposite Statement which is the logical negation
      of the Inquiry Statement. MALFORMED is the only appropriate
      judgment if the Opposite Statement is missing or not the logical
      negation of the Inquiry Statement. Any judge knowingly assigning
      an inappropriate judgment to a binding inquiry case is guilty of
      the Class-14 Crime of Corruption.

      When a binding inquiry case has a judgment and all deadlines to
      appeal that judgment have expired, that case is eligible for
      ratification. If the judgement was assigned by a judicial panel,
      at least two thirds of the members of that panel must have opined
      for assignment of that judgment for the case to be eligible for
      ratification, the previous sentence notwithstanding.

      When a binding inquiry case is eligible for ratification, and it
      has a judgment of TRUE, any player CAN, by announcement, ratify
      the Inquiry Statement. When a binding inquiry case is eligible for
      ratification, and it has a judgment of FALSE, any player CAN, by
      announcement, ratify the Opposite Statement. Ratification through
      this Rule CANNOT cause the amendment, enactment, mutation, or
      repeal of any Rule, rules to the contrary notwithstanding.

      When assigning a judgment of TRUE, if the Inquiry Statement is not
      entirely on the subject of the game state (such as if it is on the
      legality of an action or the existence of an obligation), the
      judge SHALL thoroughly explain what Rules or other entities cause
      the statement to be true. The ratifiation of the Inquiry Statement
      produces a binding interpretation of those entities (the judge is
      ENCOURAGED to limit the scope of this interpretation as much as
      possible; this need not be done explicitly). The same applies to
      the Opposite Statement when assigning a judgment of FALSE.

Create a new power-1 rule, named {The Reportor}, with the following
text:

      The Reportor is an office.

      The Reportor's monthly report contains a record of all
      statements ratified due to binding inquiry cases, including in
      particular the limitation of those statements.Eir report need not
      include the actual statement as long as it includes enough
      information to properly apply it.

      The Reportor CAN, without objection, remove a statement from eir
      future reports. E SHOULD use this to remove statements no longer
      relevant to the game.

Amend Rule 911 by replacing the third paragraph with the following:

      The entities qualified to be assigned as judge of an appeal case
      are the judicial panels consisting of exactly max(3,1+2*R) members
      (where R is the rank of the prior case), where each of the members
      is qualified to be assigned as judge of the prior case and none of
      the members is the prior judge, unless the prior case is a binding
      inquiry case, in which case the panels must have at least 3+2*R
      members qualified to be assigned as judge of the prior case, none
      of them being the prior judge.