ID: 6238
Title: Judicial Sanctions
Author: coppro
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1.7

Append the following to Rule 911:
{{
      In the week after the panel publishes a valid judgment, the panel
      CAN flip the prior judge's posture to kneeling.
}}

Amend Rule 1871 to read as follows:
{{
      Posture is a player switch, tracked by the Clerk of the Courts,
      with the following values:

      * Standing.  Standing players are generally qualified to judge.

      * Sitting.  Sitting players are poorly qualified to judge, but
        will generally become qualified when the CotC rotates the
        bench.

      * Leaning.  Leaning players are poorly qualified to judge, but
        are generally qualified to serve on appeal panels.

      * Kneeling.  Kneeling players are unqualified to judge, but will
        generally become qualified when the CotC rotates the bench.

      * Supine (default).  Supine players are unqualified to judge.

      Changes to posture are secured.

      A player CAN flip eir posture to any non-standing value by
      announcement, unless eir posture is kneeling.

      When the CotC assigns a player as judge, that player becomes
      sitting.

      The CotC or the Justiciar CAN rotate the bench (change all sitting
      players to standing and then change all kneeling players to
      sitting) by announcement, but SHALL NOT do so unless there is a
      judicial case to which e is obliged to assign a judge, all
      entities qualified to be so assigned are poorly qualified, and e
      immediately afterwards (in the same announcement) assigns a judge
      to that case.

      When the CotC recuses a non-supine player with cause, e CAN flip
      that player's posture to supine by announcement in a timely
      fashion.
}}

[In effect, this allows an appeals panel that is unanimously unsatisfied
with the prior judge to delay em from judging (hence kneeling; as the
judge is being chastised). I've also added a minor clarification that
the Justiciar can rotate the bench; it's otherwise not clear if e can
do so, but definitely the intent of the rule expanding the Justiciar's
power.]