ID: 6249
Title: Committees 2.0
Author: Wooble
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3.0

In Rule 1681, replace:
      Rules are assigned to, ordered within, or moved between
      categories, and categories are added, changed, or empty
      categories removed, as the Rulekeepor sees fit.
with:
      Rules are assigned to or ordered within categories as the
      Rulekeepor sees fit.

Create a rule titled "Committees" with Power 3 and this text:

      If this rule defines a committee corresponding to a given
      category of the Short Logical Ruleset, and the committee has at
      least 3 members, then any member of the committee CAN submit a
      Proposal, the scope of which is limited to amending rules within
      that category, as Passed by Committee with the Support of all of
      the other members of the committee. The member SHOULD consult
      with the other members in the drafting of the proposal. Each
      member of the relevant committee at the time the Agoran Decision
      on whether to adopt a Passed by Committee proposal is initiated
      has a default voting limit on that decision of 2, if the
      proposal is Democratic, or twice eir caste at the start of its
      voting period if the proposal is Ordinary, rules to the contrary
      notwithstanding.

      The following committees are defined, with the corresponding
      charter positions:

        a) Committee on the Game of Agora: Speaker, Tailor, Ministers
             Without Portfolio, First Speaker Michael

        b) Committee on Rules: Rulekeepor, Anarchist, Promotor,
             Assessor

        c) Committee on Players: Registrar, Herald, Insulator

        d) Committee on Definitions: Accountor, Promotor, Registrar

        e) Committee on Offices: IADoP, each player with a Cyan Ribbon

        f) Committee on Agoran Decisions: Promotor, Assessor, IADoP

        g) Committee on Proposals: Promotor, Assessor, Grand Poobah,
             Conductor

        h) Committee on Adjudication: CotC, Justiciar, Insulator,
             all Standing or Sitting players with a judicial rank of
             Supreme

        i) Committee on Patent Titles and Degrees: Herald, all players
             with an Indigo Ribbon, all players who bear a Heroic
             title

        j) Committee on Contract Law: Notary, Scorekeepor, all
             registered partnerships, all contestmasters

        k) Committee on Foreign Relations: Ambassador, all provinces,
             the Speaker

        l) Committee on Trophies: Chuck Carroll, Peter Suber, Goethe,
             Steve, Murphy, root, and OscarMeyr

      While an active player holds one or more charter positions for
      a committee, e is a charter member of that committee.  When a
      charter member of a committee ceases to hold any charter
      positions for that committee, or ceases to be an active player,
      e ceases to be a member of that committee.

      While a committee's number of charter members (CM) is less than
      five, a non-member CAN spend any 5-CM of eir Notes forming
      consecutive tones of a pentatonic scale to become a non-charter
      member of that committee.  While a committee's number of members
      is more than five, its non-charter member that has been one for
      the longest continuous period of time ceases to be a member.

      The IADoP's report includes the membership of each committee.

Assign each rule to the category in the SLR it had the last time the
SLR was published prior to 28 April 2009, or its current category if
it was not in a category at that time.