ID: 6257
Title: Thesis votes
Author: coppro
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1.0

Amend rule 1367 to read as follows:
{{
      Certain patent titles are known as degrees.  The degrees are

      - Associate of Nomic                 (A.N.)
      - Bachelor of Nomic                  (B.N.)
      - Master of Nomic                    (M.N.)
      - Doctor of Nomic History            (D.N.Hist.)
      - Doctor of Nomic Science            (D.N.Sci.)
      - Doctor of Nomic Philosophy         (D.N.Phil.)

      Degrees are ranked in the order they appear in this rule, with
      degrees listed later being ranked higher.

      A degree CANNOT be awarded to any person more than once, and
      CANNOT be revoked once awarded.

      After a player publishes a suitable thesis with explicit intent to
      qualify for a degree (the specific degree need not be mentioned),
      the Herald SHALL, as soon as possible, initiate an Agoran Decision
      to award that player (the author) a degree as follows:

        - The available options are FAILING GRADE and each degree that
          the author does not have. The available options can change
          during the voting period.
        - The eligible voters are each active player at the time the
          decision is initiated.
        - Each player's voting limit on the decision is thrice what
          their voting limit would have been on an ordinary decision
          initiated at the same time as this one, plus five for each
          degree e held at that time (the high limit is so as to allow a
          player to cast votes for different titles and ensure that an
          inappropriate title is not awarded).
        - The specific thesis for which the degree is to be awarded is
          an essential parameter of the decision (but not the text of
          that thesis).

      When the Herald resolves the decision, e CAN and SHALL award the
      author the degree selected by Agora, or no degree if FAILING GRADE
      was the outcome.
}}

Create a new power-1 rule reading as follows:
{{
      The Herald SHALL, as soon as possible after the enactment of this
      rule, initiate an Agoran Decision to award ais523 a degree for eir
      thesis on the ruleset, as specified in rule 1367. When e does so,
      e CAN and SHALL cause this rule to repeal itself in the same
      message.
}}