ID: 6275
Title: Quick-and-dirty-fix
Author: coppro
Co-authors: Goethe, comex
Adoption index: 3.0

Remove the second paragraph of Rule 1482.

Amend Rule 1551 (Ratification) to read: [added "rules to the contrary
notwithstanding"]
      A public document is part (possibly all) of a public message.

      When a public document is ratified, rules to the contrary
      notwithstanding, the gamestate is modified so that the ratified
      document was completely true and accurate at the time it was
      published.  Nevertheless, the ratification of a public document
      does not invalidate, reverse, alter, or cancel any messages or
      actions, even if they were unrecorded or overlooked, or change
      the legality of any attempted action.

      Ratifying a public document is secured.

Ratify the document purporting to be the SLR published most recently
before this proposal was submitted, with the scope of the entire
ruleset.

Amend Rule 1030 (Precedence between Rules with Equal Power) by
appending the following paragraph:

      Any claim of precedence in a rule, including a claim of
      precedence over "all" or similarly broad classes of rules,
      is considered to be a claim of precedence over rules with
      equal power only, unless it explicitly, clearly, and
      directly claims to stipulate a means of determining
      precedence between rules of different (i.e. higher, lower,
      or otherwise unequal) power.

Change the power of Rule 1698 to 4. [Goethe's comment about leaving room
is not particularly concerning as of yet; a power-3 rule is still
omnipotent and the power limit can still be increased arbitrarily.]

Amend Rule 1482 so that it has the same text as it had prior to the
adoption of this proposal.

Award Goethe and comex each a B and a Bb Note, adjusted for their
respective Keys.

[Apologies to Goethe and comex, from whom I copied the text of this
proposal, but since the proposals are so strongly dependent on one
another, and since Rule 1482 might still get in the way, it's far safer
to do it all at once. I hope the Notes will make up for it.]