ID: 6379
Title: Caste Anarchy
Author: allispaul
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3.0

Repeal Rule 2211 (The Grand Poobah).

Repeal Rule 2142 (Support Democracy).

Repeal Rule 1950 (Democratic Decisions).

Amend Rule 2156 (Voting on Ordinary Decisions) to read:
 {{
      The eligible voters on an ordinary decision are those entities
      that were active players at the start of its voting period.  The
      voting limit of an eligible voter on an ordinary decision is
      originally 1, subtracting 1 for each multiple of 4 Rests that the
      voter posesses at the start of the voting period.
 }}

Amend Rule 2222 (Maximum Voting Limits) by deleting the sentence that reads=
:
      "The maximum voting limit for any entity on any other decision is 1."

Amend Rule 2126 (Notes) under "Notes CAN be spent (destroyed) as follows:"
by amending (1)-(4) to read
 {{
      (1) A player CAN spend three Notes forming a major chord to increase
          another player's voting limit on an ordinary proposal whose votin=
g
          period is in progress by 1.

      (2) A player CAN spend five Notes forming the start of
          a major scale to increase eir voting limit on an ordinary
          proposal whose voting period is in progress by 1.

      (3) A player CAN spend three Notes forming a minor chord to
          decrease another player's voting limit on an ordinary proposal
          whose voting period is in progress by 1.

      (4) A non-Savage player CAN spend five Notes forming the start
          of a minor scale to decrease eir voting limit on an ordinary
          proposal whose voting period is in progress by 1.
 }}
and removing (7) and (8) and renumbering (9) accordingly.

Amend Rule 2196 (Standard Classes of Agoran Decision) to read:
 {{
      If an Agoran decision has an adoption index, its essential parameter =
is
      its adoption index and its available options are FOR, AGAINST, and
      PRESENT (syn. ABSTAIN).
 }}
 and retitle it "Agoran Decisions with Adoption Indices."