ID: 6394
Title: Coda
Author: Goethe
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2.0

Create the following Rule, Cards, power 2:

      Cards are any class of assets defined by the Rules to be cards.
      For the rules to define a class of assets to be a card, the
      Rules must define its Title, its Deck, and either its Exploit or
      its Position, but not both.  Card instances of the same class
      are fungible.  Ownership of cards is restricted to players and
      contests.

      A Deck is a collection of card types associated in the Rules
      with a particular recordkeepor, who is known as the dealer for
      that deck and for the cards in that deck.  Any office whose
      duties include being a dealer is a high-priority office (rules
      to the contrary notwithstanding), and holdings of cards from
      that deck are part of that officer's weekly report; a dealer's
      report of card holdings is self-ratifying.

      The dealer for a deck CAN, by announcement:
        * create a card that is part of that deck in the possession of
          any entity;
        * destroy any card that is part of that deck;
        * transfer a card that is part of that deck between any two
          entities;
      however the e SHALL only perform these actions as explicitly
      permitted by the Rules.  E MAY transfer, play, or destroy cards
      in eir own possession as any other player generally MAY.


Create the following Rule, Position Cards, AI-2:

      If a card class has a position, it CANNOT be destroyed except
      as described in this Rule, nor CAN more than a single
      instance come into existence, rules to the contrary
      notwithstanding.

      If a CFJ determines that the possessor of the instance can't be
      determined by reasonable effort, then that card's dealer SHALL,
      as soon as possible, destroy any instance of that card that might
      exist and create that card in the possession of an active player
      who holds the Patent Title Champion, chosen at random.

      If a card has a Position, and the holder of the card is a
      Player, the holder of that card is considered to be the holder
      of that position, and have the powers and duties described by
      the Rules for that position.


Create the following Rule, Major Arcana, power 2:

      The Major Arcana is a deck of Position cards whose dealer is the
      Herald.  The following Major Arcana cards are defined:

      Title: Minister without Portfolio.
      Position: The Minister without Portfolio CAN become holder
      of a specified vacant elected office by announcement, unless e
      is prevented from holding that office on an ongoing basis.

      Title:  Majority Leader.
      Position: The Majority Leader CAN veto a specified ordinary
      decision in its voting period by announcement; this increases
      its Adoption Index by 1 and makes it Democratic.

      Title: Cabinet Secretary.
      Position: the Cabinet Secretary CAN rubberstamp an ordinary,
      non-filibustered decision in its voting period by indicating the
      decision; this decreases its quorum to 3, rules to the contrary
      notwithstanding.

      Title: Chief Whip.
      Position:  The Chief Whips's voting limit on an Ordinary
      proposal is 1.5 times what it would otherwise be.

      Title: Justiciar.
      Position: The Justiciar may be granted particular
      abilities or privileges associated with the judicial
      process as described elsewhere in the Rules.

      Title: Admiral of the Navy.
      Position:  The Admiral of the Navy CAN begin a coup by
      announcing the ceremonial shelling of the palace.  The effects
      of the coup (if any) are as described elsewhere in the rules.


AN instance of each position card above is hereby created, with the cards
in the order given above (top to bottom) each being created in the
possession of a different currently active player Champion other than
the speaker, in the order each player was last granted the patent title
champion (most recent to less recent).


Amend Rule 2222 (Maximum Voting Limits) by replacing "8" with "12".


All instances of the Patent Title Minister Without Portfolio are
hereby revoked.

Amend Rule 1922 by deleting the paragraph that defines the Patent
Title 'Minister Without Portfolio' and re-lettering the remaining
paragraph labels to be in sequence.

Repeal Rule 2019 (Prerogatives).

Amend Rule 402 to read:

      The List of Succession is a list of the five active players who
      were most recently awarded the patent title Champion.  This
      list, and the date on which each player on the list last became
      part of the list, is part of the Herald's monthly report.

      The Speaker is the active player on the List of Succession
      who became part of the list the longest time ago.  The Herald
      SHALL announce the ascension of a new Speaker asap after it
      occurs.

      Once per quarter, and once after gaining the office, the Speaker
      CAN Form a Government by publishing a list of every defined Major
      Arcana card, and listing (for each card) a different active player
      who holds the Patent Title Champion.  Such a formation of
      government, when triggered, has the self-ratifying effect of
      transferring the indicated cards to the indicated players.

[Note some changes;  less frequent "clocked" transitions (quarterly
not monthly), but cards are transferable, and also can be changed by
every new speaker]
[note: speaker can initiate a change of government immediately]


Create the following rule, Exploit Cards, AI-2:

      If a card has an Exploit, a player CAN play a card in eir
      possession, by announcing that e plays the card, while also
      announcing any further information required by the exploit.  The
      card is destroyed, and if possible, the effects of the exploit
      take place.  In an exploit, the term "you" refers to the entity
      who plays the card.

      If the information is incorrect, or the exploit is IMPOSSIBLE or
      otherwise fails, or the card has no exploit, an attempt made by
      the player to play a card in eir possession has no effect and
      the card remains in the player's possession.

      A card is not an instrument; the instrument that causes the
      change described by a card's exploit is the Rule that describes
      that exploit, regardless of whether the exploit describes the
      agent performing the change as "you", the card, or another
      entity.


Create the following Rule, Dealing Cards, power 2:

      Each defined Exploit card type in a deck shall have a Frequency,
      which is a non-negative integer defaulting to 0.  The frequency
      of each card type is part of the weekly report of the deck's
      dealer.

      The frequency of each card type is Secured, and CAN be changed:
          * by the Deck's dealer without 2 objections;
          * if the deck's dealer is part of an Officer's duty, then,
            during an election for that office but before the last
            four days of the election's voting period, a candidate for
            that office CAN make and publish a pledge explicitly,
            clearly, and obviously describing changes e intends to
            make to the frequencies of cards in eir deck.  If e wins
            the election, e CAN and SHALL make the described changes
            by announcement asap after the election ends.

      Whenever the rules indicate that a dealer SHALL deal a card to
      an entity, or that the entity "earns a draw" from a particular
      deck, that deck's dealer SHALL, as soon as possible, create a
      card in the possession of that entity, with the card chosen at
      random from among cards in that deck, with the probability of a
      particular card being chosen being the frequency of that card
      divided by the sum of the frequencies of all the cards in that
      deck (if this sum is zero, the requirement to deal asap is
      waived, and the dealer SHALL NOT deal a card from that deck
      until the sum is greater than zero).


Create the following Rule, Decks, Draws, and Salaries, AI-2:

      Any deck of cards defined by this rule is known as a Basic Deck.

      Salary is a first-class player switch tracked by the Accountor,
      with possible values N,M,O,P where each letter is replaced with
      a defined basic deck.  The default value for this switch is
      Change,Change,Justice,Government.  Ordering of N,M,O,P is not a
      significant differentiating aspect of the switch value, only the
      number of times each deck type is listed within the switch.

      A player CAN change the value of eir own Salary switch by
      announcement.

      At the beginning of each month, each first-class player earns
      a number of draws from each Basic Deck equal to the number of
      times that deck appeared in eir salary switch at the beginning
      of the month.  As soon as possible after the beginning of each
      month, the Accounter SHALL publish the state of each player's
      Salary switch as it was at the beginning of the month.

      Office Salary is a switch for each office tracked by the
      Accountor, with possible values being the names of each basic
      deck (default Government).  The holder of each OFFICE CAN change
      that office's salary by announcement.  At the beginning of each
      week, each holder of a high-priority office who completed a non-
      empty set of duties in the prior week earns a number of draws
      from the deck indicated by the switch equal to the interest
      index for the office.  At the beginning of each month, each
      holder of a low-priority office who held the office for 16 or
      more days in the prior month earns a number of draws from the
      deck indicated by the switch equal to the interest index of the
      office.

      When a first-class player registers, e earns two draws from each
      basic deck.

      The Deck of Government is a deck of cards tracked by the Grand
      Poobah.

      The Deck of Justice is a deck of cards tracked by the Insulator.

      The Deck of Change is a deck of cards tracked by the Anarchist.


Amend Rule 2126 (Notes) to read:

      The Conductor is an office.  As soon as possible after this
      text becomes a part of this rule, the Conductor SHALL publish
      a self-ratifying report containing the total number of Notes
      each player held the moment before this text became a part of
      this rule.  After this report has self-ratified, and at least
      one proposal has been made distributable using a card, any
      player CAN cause this rule to repeal itself by announcement.

      When this text becomes a part of this rule, each first-class
      player earns two draws from each defined basic deck, plus one
      draw from each deck for every multiple of 10 notes that the
      player held the moment before this text became a part of this
      rule.

      Any first-class player CAN make a proposal distributable by
      announcement, if e has not already done so in the current
      Agoran week.

[This is a temporary safety net so that, if cards break out of the
gate, one person can't hold the game hostage].


Amend Rule 1607 (The Promotor) by replacing:

      A player CAN flip a specified proposal to Distributable by
      spending 1 Note, or without Objection.

      A player CAN flip a specified proposal to Undistributable by
      spending 3 Notes.

with:

      A player CAN flip a specified proposal to Distributable
      without Objection.


Amend Rule 2228 (Rests) by deleting:
      A player CAN spend two Notes in order to destroy a Rest owned by
      a player e specifies.


Amend Rule 2229 (Just Resting) by deleting:
      While a person owns at least 8 Rests, that person CANNOT spend
      Notes except to destroy Rests e owns.  This takes precedence
      over any other rule.


Create the following Rule, Basic Hand Limits, AI-2:

      Each first-class player has a Basic Deck Limit (BDL) of 3.
      Every other entity has a BDL of 0.

      Each entity's Actual Deck Limit (ADL) for a particular basic
      deck is equal to eir BDL times the number of times that deck
      appears as part of eir Salary switch.

      As soon as possible after the beginning of each month, the
      dealer of each basic deck SHALL, by announcement, destroy a
      number of cards at random in each entity's hand equal to the
      difference between the number of cards of that deck the entity
      has and that entity's ADL for that deck.  The dealer SHALL NOT
      deal any cards to any entity between the beginning of the month
      and performing this duty for all entities.


Create the following Rule, The Deck of Government, AI-2:

      When a player wins an election, e earns two draws from the
      Government Deck.

      The Deck of Government consists of the following cards, listed
      by title followed by Exploit.

      * Roll Call      - Increase an indicated player's voting limit on
                         one indicated Ordinary Proposal except in
                         last 24 hours of voting period.

      * Debate-o-Matic - Make a Proposal you name Democratic.

      * Arm-twist      - Decrease an indicated player's Vote Power on
                         one indicated Ordinary Proposal.

      * On the Nod     - Rubberstamp an indicated Ordinary, non-
                         filibustered Proposal.

      * Kill Bill      - Veto an indicated Ordinary Proposal.

      * Lobbyist       - Increase the caste of a player you name in
                         your party, other than yourself, by one.

      * Local Election - Decrease the caste of a player you name by
                         one.

      * No Confidence  - Initiate an election for an office; if an
                         election for the office is in progress it is
                         canceled and re-started.


Create the following Rule, The Deck of Change, AI-2:

      When a proposal authored by a player is adopted and takes
      effect, that player earns a number of draws from the Change
      Deck equal to the Interest Index of the proposal.

      The Deck of Change consists of the following cards, listed
      by title followed by Exploit.

      * Distrib-u-Matic - A proposal that you indicate becomes
                          Distributable.

      * Committee       - Make a Proposal you name Undistributable.

      * Your Turn       - Indicate a player.  That player must play or
                          destroy a card in the next 72 hours; if e
                          does not, you MAY act on eir behalf to
                          discard one.

      * Presto!         - Indicate an entity and a card held by that
                          entity.  That card is transferred to your
                          hand.

       * Not Your Turn  - cancel a card play that occured in the last
                          24 hours; HOWEVER; if this would lead at any
                          time in the 24 hours after playing to a
                          paradox which would prevent its play, its
                          play is unsuccessful.


Create the following Rule, the Deck of Justice, AI-2:

      When a judge judges a case within its time limit, e earns a
      draw from the Deck of Justice.  If a judge's judgement is
      OVERTURNED on appeal, one justice on the appeals panel CAN
      destroy one Justice card e indicates in the judge's possession
      by announcement.

      The Deck of Justice consists of the following cards, listed
      by title followed by Exploit.

       * Absolv-o-Matic  - A Rest possessed by a Player you name is
                           destroyed.

       * Stool Pigeon    - A rest is created in the possession of a
                           first-class player that you name, provided
                           no one has named the same player in playing
                           this card in the last 72 hours.

       * Drop your Weapon - Indicate an entity and a card held by that
                            entity.  If that entity possesses that
                            card, it is destroyed.


       * Discard Picking  - Indicate a card that was played or
                            destroyed in the past 72 hours.  It is
                            transferred to your hand.


The Frequencies of Cards are hereby set as follows:
      * Roll Call       40
      * Arm-twist       20
      * Lobbyist        10
      * Local Election  10
      * Debate-o-Matic   5
      * On the Nod       5
      * Kill Bill        5
      * No Confidence    5

      * Distrib-u-Matic  66
      * Committee        20
      * Your Turn        10
      * Presto!           3
      * Not Your Turn     1

      * Absolv-o-Matic   60
      * Drop your Weapon 20
      * Discard Picking  15
      * Stool Pigeon      5