ID: 6422
Title: Reduce Card Complexity v3
Author: BobTHJ
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2.0

[Synopsis: Consolidates the Government, Change, and Justice into one
deck under a new recordkeepor. Reduces the number of cards drawn.
Consolidates card types by combining powers. Re-defines hand limits.]

Re-title R2258 ("Decks, Draws, & Salaries") to "The Deck of Agora" and
replace it's text with:
{{
The Dealor is an office. The Deck of Agora is a deck of cards tracked
by the Dealor.

 At the end of each week each player earns a number of draws from the
Deck of Agora equal to the sum of all the following:
 * The highest Interest Index among offices e held for the entire
duration of that week (if any, or 0 of none)
 * The highest Interest Index among cases e judged on time during that
week (if any, or 0 if none)
 * The highest Interest Index among proposals e authored that were
adopted during that week (if any, or 0 if none)
 * Five if e is first-class and registered during that week.

The Deck of Agora consists of the following cards listed by Title
followed by Exploit:

Debate-o-Matic - Specify an ordinary non-fillibustered proposal.
Choose one: That proposal becomes democratic OR Veto that proposal OR
Rubberstamp that proposal.

Lobbyist - Increase the caste of a player you specify (other than
yourself) by one.

Local Election - Decrease the caste of a player you specify (other
than yourself) by one.

No Confidence - Initiate an election for an Office you specify for
which no election is currently in progress.

Distrib-u-Matic - A proposal that you indicate becomes distributable

Committee - A proposal that you indicate becomes undistributable

Presto! - Indicate an entity and a card held by that entity. The card
is transferred to you.

Absolv-o-Matic - A rest possessed by the player you name is destroyed.

Stool Pidgeon - A rest is created in the possession of a first-class
player you name provided no one has named the same player in playing
this card in the last 72 hours.

Supersize Me! - Increase the Hand Limit of a specified player by 1.

Shrink Potion - Decrease the Hand Limit of a specified player by 1.
}}

Replace the text of R2259 ("Basic Hand Limits") with:
{{
A player's Hand Limit is an integer value (default 8). If a player's
Hand Limit would ever be set to a value less than 3 it is instead set
to 3. The Dealor's report SHALL include a list of all non-default Hand
Limits.

If a player owns a number of cards from the Deck of Agora equal to or
greater than eir Hand Limit and would earn a draw from the Deck of
Agora, instead e earns no draw from the Deck of Agora. This rule takes
precedence over any rule which would cause a player to earn a draw
from the Deck of Agora.
}}

[NOTE: Bootstrapping provisions below]

Upon adoption of this proposal, each card from the deck of Change,
Government, or Justice held by a player whose name matches the name of
a card from the Deck of Agora is destroyed and a corresponding card
from the Deck of Agora is created in the possession of the same
player.

Set the frequency of each card in the Deck of Agora equal to the
frequency of the corresponding card with the same name in the deck of
Change, Government, or Justice.

Repeal R2260, R2261, and R2262.

Upon the adoption of this proposal BobTHJ becomes the holder of the
office of Dealor. The IADoP CAN and SHALL initiate an election for the
office of Dealor as soon as possible.