ID: 6436
Title: Mutinous Military
Author: coppro
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2.0

Enact a new power-2 rule entitled "Couple Coups"
      A coup is either a coup d'etat, a coup de grace, or a chicken
      coup.

      When the Admiral of the Navy begins a coup, the coup is a coup
      d'etat if it has been at least three months since the Speaker last
      formed the Government and since the last coup d'etat ended and if
      the Admiral of the Navy is not the Speaker, a coup de grace if
      there is an ongoing coup d'etat and e did not already begin a coup
      de grace in the same week, and a chicken coup otherwise.

      The effects of the various varieties of coup are defined elsewhere
      in the rules.

Enact a new power-2 rule entitled "Change of State"
      When a coup d'etat is begun, the current Admiral of the Navy
      becomes the initiator of the coup. The Speaker and all other
      members of the Government become the members of the Government in
      Exile. When the Admiral of the Navy begins a coup d'etat, e CAN
      and SHALL in the same message form a Government, except that no
      member of the Government in Exile can be a member of the new
      Government.

      During a coup d'etat, the office of Speaker is held by the active
      player on the List of Succession, other than a member of the
      Government in Exile, to have been awarded Champion most recently
      among players on the List of Succession who aren't members of the
      Government in Exile. If there is no such player, the Admiral of
      Navy is Speaker. This paragraph takes precedence over other rules
      with regards to the Speaker's identity. The Speaker CANNOT form a
      Government during a coup d'etat, rules to the contrary
      notwithstanding.

      A coup d'etat lasts for three weeks, in which case it ends
      successfully, or until a member of the Government in Exile comes
      to be a member of the Government (excepting during the message in
      which the initiator began the coup), in which case it ends
      unsuccessfully. The initiator of a coup d'etat SHALL NOT, directly
      or indirectly, intentionally cause the coup to end uncessfully.
      Doing so is the Class-6 Crime of Playing Both Sides.

      Upon a win announcement that a coup d'etat concluded
      unsuccessfully, the persons who were members of the Government in
      Exile at the conclusion of the coup all satisfy the Winning
      Condition of Stabilization.

      Cleanup Procedure: The player who was Speaker at the beginning of
      the coup CAN once within the next week form a Government, provided
      e selects a maximal number of members of the coup's Government in
      Exile to be members of the new Government The condition cannot be
      satisfied again for the same coup.

      Upon a win announcement that a coup concluded successfully, the
      persons who were Speaker or were a member of the Government at the
      conclusion of the coup all satisfy the Winning Condition of
      Revolution.

      Cleanup Procedure: The condition cannot be satisfied again for the
      same coup.

Enact a new power-1 rule entitled "Take a Deep Breath"
      During a coup d'etat, the Assessor's weekly report includes the
      following information:
        - The person who was Speaker at the beginning of the coup.
        - The initiator of the coup.
        - The identities of every member of the Government in Exile.
        - The time and date at which the coup will end successfully.

      The Assessor's monthly report includes the following information:
        - The date on which the most recently ended coup d'etat began
          and ended, and whether it was successful.

Enact a new power-2 rule entitled "Kick em' Out"
      When a coup de grace is begun, the Admiral of the Navy CAN and
      SHALL in the same message choose a member of the Government and,
      for each Major Arcana card in that player's possession, choose a
      different active player who is neither a member of the Government
      nor of the Government in Exile, such that e chooses a maximal
      number of players with the patent title Champion. Each of those
      cards is transferred to the specified player, and the player
      originally chosen by the Admiral of the Navy becomes a member of
      the Government in Exile.

Enact a new power-1 rule entitled "Don't Try to Run Away"
      When a chicken coup is begun, the Admiral of the Navy SHALL, if
      possible, perform the next action e is explicitly and publicly
      instructed to perform by another player. Failure to do so is the
      Class-3 Crime of Spreading Salmonella.

Amend Rule 402 by removing the following paragraph.
      Once per quarter, and once after gaining the office, the Speaker
      CAN Form a Government by publishing a list of every defined
      Major Arcana card, and listing (for each card) a different
      active player who holds the Patent Title Champion.  Such a
      formation of government, when triggered, has the self-ratifying
      effect of transferring the indicated cards to the indicated
      players.

Amend Rule 103 to read as follows:
      The Speaker is an imposed office and a figurehead of Agora. The
      Speaker is a person who has proven themselves to be worthy of the
      title, and for a time can direct Agoran government affairs.

      If e has not already done so this quarter, or if e hasn't done so
      since e gained office, the Speaker CAN form a Government.

Enact a new power-1 rule entitled "Government"
      When allowed to by the rules, a player forms a Government by
      publishing a defined list of every Major Arcana card and, for each
      card, a different active player. The players chosen in
      this manner must contain a maximal number of players holding the
      patent title Champion; this requirement defers to any requirements
      imposed by other rules on the formation of a Government.

      The formation of a Government constitutes a self-ratifying
      declaration that the player forming the Government is capable of
      doing so.

      When a Government is formed, each Major Arcana card is transferred
      to the person specified in the formation.

      The Government is the set of players owning Major Arcana cards.