ID: 6461
Title: An Apologetic Proposal
Author: C-walker
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3.0

[[ This proposal turns Senatorship into a switch, clarifies dependent
actions with only specific types of players allowed to support/object,
turns Senators into the only eligible voters on a democratic decision
initiated during an Emergency Session, allows the Promotor to
distribute any proposal during an emergency session. ]]

Amend Rule 2177 (The Senate) to read as follows:

     Senate Membership is a person switch, tracked by the Registrar,
     with values Citizen (default) and Senator. Changes to Senate
     Membership are secured. The set of all Senators is known as the
     Senate.

     A first-class non-Senator player whose most recent registration
     was at least sixty days ago CAN flip eir Senate Membership
     Senator by announcement.

     A Senator CAN call an Emergency Session with 2 Senator support,
     provided no other emergency session existed at any time in the
     preceding 48 hours.  An emergency session lasts until it is
     terminated.  An unterminated emergency session terminates 21
     days after it was called.  A Senator CAN terminate an emergency
     session without 3 Senator objections.  Terminating an emergency
     session is a secured change.  The Assessor's monthly report
     includes the dates when the most recent emergency session was
     called and terminated.

      During an Emergency Session, any Senator CAN declare a
      filibuster on a proposal in its voting period, with 2 supporting
      Senators, provided no filibuster has been declared on that
      proposal in the past.  Any Senator CAN end a filibuster on a
      proposal with 4 supporting Senators and without Senator
      objection. While a proposal is in filibuster, quorum on any
      Agoran Decision regarding its adoption is the number of eligible
      voters plus one, rules to the contrary notwithstanding.

      During an Emergency Session, quorum on any non-filibustered
      Decision is N/3 (rounded up), where N is the number of active
      first-class player Senators, Rules to the contrary
      notwithstanding.

     When an emergency session begins, all non-Senators' postures
     become supine, and non-Senators CANNOT flip their posture while
     the session lasts.

Amend Rule 2124 by appending the following to the paragraph beginning
with "The Executor of such an announcement..."

     Specifically, an intent to perform an action which CAN be
     performed with N support, with N objection or with N consent,
     where N is a class of entity, CAN only be supported or objected
     to by entities of class N.

Amend Rule 1950 by replacing its entire text with:

     The eligible voters on a democratic decision are those entities
     that were active first-class players at the start of its voting
     period, or the active Senators if there is an Emergency Session.
      The voting limit of each eligible voter on a democratic
     decision is one.

Amend 1607 (The Promotor) by inserting the following  paragraph after
the paragraph beginning with "In a given Agoran week,"

     During an Emergency Session, the above restrictions are waived,
     and the Promotor MAY distribute any proposal in the Proposal
     Pool.

Flip the Senate Membership of each acitve player who was a Senator
immediately before the adoption of this proposal to Senator, and flip
the Senate Membership of every other entity to Citizen.

Flip the Senate Membership of Hilary Rodham Clinton to Senator, by way
of apology for false accusations made over a year ago. The Ambassador
SHALL, as soon as possible after the adoption of this proposal, inform
Hilary Rodham Clinton of this change and its effects.