ID: 6463
Title: More Criminal Sentences v2
Author: C-walker
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2.0

[ This proposal brings back some old criminal sentences and one new one. ]

In Rule 1504 (Criminal Cases), add the following to the list of valid sentences:

      * FINE with an amount of one class of asset, appropriate for
        rule breaches of small consequence.  An amount is only valid
        if the currency's backing document binds the ninny (the Rules
        are considered to bind all players) or the ninny has this
        amount of the asset, and the backing document specifies a
        maximum FINE amount, and the amount is no greater than the
        maximum.  When in effect, the ninny SHALL, as soon as
        possible, either destroy this amount of eir asset or transfer
        it to the Lost and Found Department. The ninny is only obliged
        to perform one destruction or transfer per question on
        sentencing, even if sentences of this type are assigned more
        than once or go into effect more than once.

     * COMMUNITY SERVICE with a set of up to five tasks (the
       prescribed tasks) that the ninny CAN reasonably and legally
       perform, appropriate for rule breaches of moderate consequence
       if the severity of the rule breach is reasonably correlated
       with the consequences of performing the tasks, and especially
       if any other available non-null punishment would be either
       unjust or insufficient.  The balance between compensatory and
       punitive service is left to the judge's discretion.  While a
       sentence of this type is in effect, the ninny SHALL perform
       the prescribed tasks (as soon as possible, unless a different
       time limit is specified).

     * TIME OUT with a number of days between 7 and 21. The ninny
       becomes inactive, and SHALL NOT become active for the number
       of days specified, as long as the sentence remains in effect.

Append the following to Rule 2253 (Cards):

     The maximum FINE amount for each card is two.