ID: 6490
Title: Mutinous Military
Author: coppro
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2.0

Enact a new power-2 rule entitled "Couple Coups" with this text:
      A coup is either a coup d'etat, a coup de grace, or a chicken
      coup.

      When the Admiral of the Navy begins a coup, the coup is a coup
      d'etat if it has been at least two months since the Speaker last
      Formed the Government and since the last coup d'etat ended and if
      the Admiral of the Navy is not the Speaker, a coup de grace if
      there is an ongoing coup d'etat and e did not already begin a coup
      de grace in the same week, and a chicken coup otherwise.

      The effects of the various varieties of coup are defined elsewhere
      in the rules.

Enact a new power-2 rule entitled "Coups D'etat" with this text:
      When a coup d'etat is begun, the current Admiral of the Navy
      becomes the initiator of the coup. The Speaker and all other
      members of the Government become the members of the Government in
      Exile. When the Admiral of the Navy begins a coup d'etat, e CAN
      in the same message Form a Government, except that no member of
      the Government in Exile can be a member of the new Government. If
      e does not do so, the coup is a chicken coup, not a coup d'etat,
      rules to the contrary notwithstanding.

      During a coup d'etat, the office of Speaker is held by the active
      player to have been awarded Champion most recently among players
      on the List of Succession who aren't members of the Government in
      Exile. If there is no such player, the Admiral of the Navy is the
      Speaker. This paragraph takes precedence over other rules with
      regards to the Speaker's identity. The Speaker CANNOT Form a
      Government during a coup d'etat, rules to the contrary
      notwithstanding.

      A coup d'etat lasts for three weeks, in which case it ends
      successfully, or until a member of the Government in Exile comes
      to be a member of the Government (except prior to the AotN Forming
      the government at the start of the coup), in which case it ends
      unsuccessfully. The initiator of a coup d'etat SHALL NOT, directly
      or indirectly, intentionally cause the coup to end unsucessfully.
      Doing so is the Class-6 Crime of Playing Both Sides.

      Upon the unsuccessful conclusion of a coup d'etat, the Speaker at
      the beginning of the coup d'etat is awarded 3 Leadership Tokens
      and CAN once within the next week Form a Government, provided e
      selects a maximal number of members of the coup d'etat's
      Government in Exile to be members of the new Government. The
      members of the Government in Exile other than the Speaker at the
      beginning of the coup d'etat are each awarded a Leadership Token.

      Upon the successful conclusion of a coup d'etat, the Speaker at
      the end of the coup d'etat is awarded 3 Leadership Tokens. The
      remaining members of the Government at the end of the coup are
      each awarded a Leadership Token.

Enact a new power-1 rule entitled "Ongoing Change" with this text:
      During a coup d'etat, the Assessor's weekly report includes the
      following information:
        - The person who was Speaker at the beginning of the coup.
        - The initiator of the coup.
        - The identities of every member of the Government in Exile.
        - The date and time at which the coup will end successfully.

      The Assessor's monthly report includes the following information:
        - The date on which the most recently ended coup d'etat began
          and ended, and whether it was successful.

Enact a new power-1 rule entitled "Leadership Tokens" with this text:
      Leadership Tokens are a currency tracked by the Assessor. A player
      CANNOT destroy (redeem) Leadership Tokens in eir possession except
      for one of the following effects:
        (a) A player CAN redeem 3 Leadership Tokens in eir possession to
            satisfy the Winning Condition of Leadership.
        (b) A player CAN redeem 1 Leadership Token in eir possession to
            earn two draws from each defined Basic Deck.
        (c) A player CAN redeem 1 Leadership Token in eir possession to
            be awarded 20+20i points.
        (d) A player CAN redeem 1 Leadership Token in eir possession to
            increase eir own caste by two ranks.
        (e) A player CAN redeem 1 Leadership Token in eir possession to
            destroy up to 6 Rests e owns.

Enact a new power-2 rule entitled "Coups de Grace" with this text:
      When a coup de grace is begun, the Admiral of the Navy CAN and
      SHALL in the same message choose a member of the Government and,
      for each Major Arcana card in that player's possession, choose a
      different active player who is neither a member of the Government
      nor of the Government in Exile, such that e chooses a maximal
      number of players with the patent title Champion to receive the
      cards. Each of those cards is transferred to the specified player,
      and the player originally chosen by the Admiral of the Navy
      becomes a member of the Government in Exile.

      If, somehow, a coup de grace is begun when there is no ongoing
      coup d'etat, the coup de grace is actually a chicken coup, rules
      to the contrary notwithstanding.

Enact a new power-1 rule entitled "Chicken Coups" with this text:
      When a chicken coup is begun, the Admiral of the Navy SHALL, if
      possible, perform the next action e is explicitly and publicly
      instructed to perform by another player. Failure to do so is the
      Class-3 Crime of Spreading Salmonella.

Amend Rule 402 by removing the following paragraph:
      Once per quarter, and once after gaining the office, the Speaker
      CAN Form a Government by publishing a list of every defined
      Major Arcana card, and listing (for each card) a different
      active player who holds the Patent Title Champion.

Amend Rule 103 to read as follows:
      The Speaker is an imposed office and a figurehead of Agora. The
      Speaker is a person who has proven themselves to be worthy of the
      title, and for a time can direct Agoran government affairs.

      If e has not already done so this quarter, or if e hasn't done so
      since e gained office, the Speaker CAN Form a Government.

Enact a new power-1 rule entitled "Government" with this text:
      When allowed to by the rules, a player Forms a Government by
      publishing a defined list of every Major Arcana card and, for each
      card, a different active player. The players chosen in
      this manner must contain a maximal number of players holding the
      patent title Champion; this requirement defers to any requirements
      imposed by other rules on the Formation of a Government.

      The Formation of a Government constitutes a self-ratifying
      declaration that the player Forming the Government is capable of
      doing so, and that all the Major Arcana cards are successfully
      created or transferred to the players specified.

      When a Government is Formed, each Major Arcana card is transferred
      to the player specified, or if the card does not exist, it is
      created in that player's possession.

      The Government is the set of entities owning Major Arcana cards.