ID: 6494
Title: Distribution Refactoring
Author: coppro
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3.0

Amend Rule 1607 by removing:
       For an Agoran decision of whether to adopt a proposal, the
       following are essential parameters:


Amend Rule 106 by removing:
       The adoption index of a proposal is an integral multiple of 0.1
       from 1.0 to 9.9.  It may be set by the proposer at the time of
       submission, or otherwise defaults to 1.0.

       Determining whether to adopt a proposal is an Agoran decision.
       The adoption index of this decision is set to the adoption index
       of the proposal at the initiation of the decision. Changing the
       adoption index of the decision is secured with a power threshold
       of 2.  The vote collector for this decision is the Assessor.

       If the option selected by Agora on this decision is ADOPTED,
       then the proposal is adopted, and unless other rules prevent it
       from taking effect, its power is set to the minimum of four and
       its adoption index, and then it takes effect.  It does not
       otherwise take effect.

       Preventing a proposal from taking effect is a secured change.
       This rule takes precedence over any rule which would permit a
       proposal to take effect.

Retitle Rule 106 to "Proposals"

Enact a new power-3 rule entitled "Voting and Adoption of Proposals."
with the following text:
       The adoption index of a proposal is an integral multiple of 0.1
       from 1.0 to 9.9.  It may be set by the proposer at the time of
       submission, or otherwise defaults to 1.0.

       Determining whether to adopt a given proposal is an Agoran
       Decision. The adoption index of this decision is set to the
       adoption index of the proposal at the initiation of the decision.
       Changing the adoption index of the decision is secured with a
       power threshold of 2.  The vote collector for this decision is the
       Assessor. The following are essential parameters of the decision:
         a) Its author (and co-authors, if any).
         b) Its interest index.

       If the option selected by Agora on this decision is ADOPTED,
       then the proposal is adopted, and unless other rules prevent it
       from taking effect, its power is set to the minimum of four and
       its adoption index, and then it takes effect. This is the only
       mechanism by which proposals can take effect, rules to the
       contrary notwithstanding.

       Preventing a proposal from taking effect is a secured change.