ID: 6507
Title: Card Rewrite
Author: C-walker
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2.0

[ Repeals 5 of the card Rules while keeping the same level of
functionality. Repeals monthly salaries. Creates a per-deck hand limit
system. Makes Major Arcana a separate (non-Cards) set of imposed
offices. Secures creation and destruction of cards. Rewrites the three
deck rules. Makes the Dealor, a new office, the single office in
charge of cards. ]

Replace the entire text of Rule 2253 (Cards) with:

     Cards are a class of assets whose ownership is restricted to
     players. Each card has exactly one type and exactly one deck;
     each type of card is a currency. Creation and destruction of
     cards is secured.

     The Dealor is an office, and recordkeepor of Cards. The Dealor
     CAN, by announcement, create and destroy Cards, but SHALL NOT do
     so except as allowed by the Rules.

     Each card type has a Frequency, tracked by the Dealor, which is
     a non-negative integer defaulting to 0. Changing a card type's
     Frequency is secured.  The Dealor CAN, without 2 objections,
     change a specified card type's Frequency.

     When a player 'earns a draw' from a specified deck, the Dealor
     SHALL, as soon as possible, create a randomly selected card from
     that deck in the possession of that player, with the probability
     of each card being selected equal to its Frequency divided by
     the total Frequencies of all cards in that deck.

     When a first-class player registers, e earns two draws from each
     deck.

Repeal Rule 2254 (Position Cards), Rule 2256 (Exploit Cards), Rule
2266 (Effect Cards), Rule 2257 (Dealing Cards) and Rule 2258 (Decks,
Draws, and Salaries).

Replace the entire text of Rule 2259 (Hand Limits) with:

     Each player has a Hand Limit, tracked by the Dealor, which is a
     non-negative integer with a default of 5 for first-class players
     and 0 for all others.

     As soon as possible after the beginning of each month, the
     Deakor SHALL do the following X times, where X is the number of
     decks in existence, except with Y replaced with the name of a
     different deck each time:

      For each player who owned more cards from the Y deck than eir
      Hand Limit at the beginning of the month, destroy Y cards in
      eir possession until e owns a number of Y cards equal to eir
      Hand Limit.

Replace the entire text of Rule 2260 (The Deck of Government) with:

     When a player completes the weekly or monthly duties for an
     office, or wins an election for an office, e earns a number of
     draws from the deck of Government equal to the Interest Index of
     the office.

     The following is a list of the types of cards in the Government
     deck, and how players CAN play (spend, destroy) each type of
     card:

     * Roll Call
     A player CAN play a Roll Call, indicating a player and an
     ongoing ordinary Agoran Decision with more than 24 hours
     remaining in its voting period. The indicated player's voting
     limit on that Decision is increased by one.

     * Debate-o-Matic
     A player CAN play a Debate-o-matic, Indicating an ongoing
     ordinary Agoran Decision. It becomes democratic.

     * Arm-Twist
     A player CAN play an Arm-Twist, indicating a player and an
     ongoing ordinary Agoran Decision. The indicated player's voting
     limit on that Decision is increased by one.

     * On the Nod
     A play CAN play an On the Nod, indicating an ongoing ordinary
     Agoran Decision that has not been filibustered. That Decision is
     rubberstamped.

     * Kill Bill
     A player CAN play a Kill Bill, indicating an ongoing ordinary
     Agoran Decision. That Decision is vetoed.

     * Lobbyist
     A player CAN play a Lobbyist to increase the caste of a
     specified player other them emself by one.

     * Local Election
     A player CAN play a Local Election, indicating a non-Savage
     player. The indicated player's caste is decreased by one.

     * No Confidence
     A player CAN play a No Confidence, indicating an office. If
     there is an ongoing election for the office, it is canceled
     (there is no change in its holder). An election for the office
     is initiated.

     * Goverment Ball
     If a player holds an "X Ball" card (where X is the name of a
     deck) for each deck, that player satisfies the winning condition
     of Win by Lotto. Cleanup Procedure: For each other deck one such
     corresponding Ball card is destroyed.

Replace the entire text of Rule 2261 (The Deck of Change) with:

     When an interested proposal is adopted, its author earns a
     number of draws from the Change deck equal to the Interest Index
     of the adopted proposal, and the coauthors of the proposal (if
     any) earn one draw from the Change deck each.

     The following is a list of the types of cards in the Change
     deck, and how players CAN play (spend, destroy) each type of
     card:

     * Distrib-u-Matic
     A player CAN play a Distrib-u-matic, indicating an
     Undistributable proposal. It becomes Distributable

     * Committee
     A player CAN play a Committee, indicating a Distributable
     proposal. It becomes Undistributable.

     * Your Turn
      A player CAN play a Your Turn, indicating a player. The
      indicated player SHOULD destroy at least one card in eir
      possession in the next 72 hours. If e fails to do so, the player
      of Your Turn CAN once destroy a card in the indicated player's
      possession by announcement in the subsequent week.

     * Presto!
     A player CAN play a Presto!, indicating a player and a card
     owned by that player. The card is transferred to the Presto!
     player.

     * Not Your Turn
     A player CAN play a Not Your Turn, indicating a given playing of
     a card that occurred in the last 24 hours. That play is canceled
     and did not occur. If this would lead at any time in the 24
     hours after the playing of this card to a paradox which would
     prevent its play, its play is unsuccessful.

     * Change Ball
     If a player hold an "X Ball" card (where X is the name of a
     deck) for each other deck you satisfy  the winning condition of
     Win by Lotto. Cleanup Procedure: For each other basic deck one
     such corresponding Ball card is destroyed.

     * Supersize Me
     A player CAN play Supersize Me, specifying a player. That
     player's Hand Limit is increased by 1.

     * Shrink Potion
     A player CAN play a Shrink Potion, specifying a player. That
     player's Hand Limit is decreased by 10% (rounded up).

Replace the entire text of Rule 2262 (The Deck of Justice) with:

     When a judge judges a judicial case within the time limit for
     judging that case, e earns a number of draws from the Justice
     deck equal to the Interest Index of the case. If a judge's
     judgement is OVERTURNED or REASSIGNED on appeal, any player CAN
     destroy any Cards the judge earned for judging the case by
     announcement.

     The following is a list of the types of cards in the Justice
     deck, and how players CAN play (spend, destroy) each type of
     card:

      * Absolv-o-Matic
     A player CAN play an Absolv-o-matic, indicating a player with at
     least one Rest. A Rest in that player's possession destroyed.

      * Stool Pigeon
     A player CAN play a Stool Pigeon, indicating a player who has
     not been indicated for this card within the last 72 hours. A
     Rest is created in that player's possession.

      * Drop your Weapon
     A player CAN play Drop your Weapon, indicating a player and a
     card held by that player. The card is destroyed.

      * Discard Picking
     A player CAN play Discard Picking, indicating a type of card
     where at least one card of that type was destroyed in the past
     72 hours; a card of that type is created in eir possession.

      * Justice Ball
     If a player owns an "X Ball" card (where X is the name of a
     deck) for each other deck you satisfy  the winning condition of
     Win by Lotto. Cleanup Procedure: For each other basic deck one
     such corresponding Ball card is destroyed.

      * Dunce Cap
     Owning a Dunce Cap card is a Losing Condition.  The holder of
     this card CANNOT destroy it by announcement, and CANNOT transfer
     it unless e has held it for at least one week, other Rules to
     the contrary notwithstanding.

In Rule 2255 (Major Arcana), replace

     The Major Arcana is a deck of Position cards whose dealer is the
     Herald.  The following Major Arcana cards are defined:

with:

      The following is a list of the Prerogatives, a set of imposed
      offices with the indicated privileges and abilities. The holder
      of a Prerogative CAN change its holder by announcement.

and retitle Rule 2255 to "Prerogatives".

In Rule 402 (Identity of the Speaker), replace

     Once per quarter, and once after gaining the office, the Speaker
     CAN Form a Government by publishing a list of every defined
     Major Arcana card, and listing (for each card) a different
     active player who holds the Patent Title Champion.  Such a
     formation of government, when triggered, has the self-ratifying
     effect of transferring the indicated cards to the indicated
     players.

with:

     Once per quarter, and once after gaining the office, the Speaker
     CAN Form a Government by publishing a list of every defined
     Prerogative office, and listing (for each office) a different
     active player who holds the Patent Title Champion.  Such a
     formation of government, when triggered, has the self-ratifying
     effect of causing the indicated offices to be held by the
     indicated players.