ID: 6509
Title: Fix the Senate
Author: C-walker
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3.0

Text enclosed in [[ ]] is comment text, and for reference only.

[[ There are currently several problems with the Senate Rule. Firstly,
the following:

     A Senator is any first-class player whose most recent
     registration was at least sixty days ago.

This means that players who register and then become inactive very
quickly still manage to get into the Senate. This is easy to fix:
simply make potential Senators make themselves Senators by
announcement. I have also made Senatorship into a switch: ]]

Amend Rule 2177 (The Senate) by replacing:

     A Senator is any first-class player whose most recent
     registration was at least sixty days ago.  The set of all
     Senators is known as the Senate.  The Registrar's report
     includes a list of all Senators.

with:

     Senatorship is a player switch, tracked by the Registrar, with
     values Citizen (default) and Senator. Changes to Senatorship are
     secured. The set of all Senators is known as the Senate.

     A first-class player whose most recent registration was at least
     sixty days ago CAN flip eir Senatorship to Senator by
     announcement.

[[ The second problem is minor: the Rule still references Ministers
Without Portfolio. ]]

Amend Rule 2177 (The Senate) by replacing

     During emergency session, any Senator CAN declare a filibuster
     on a proposal in its voting period, with 2 supporting Senators,
     provided no filibuster has been declared on that proposal in the
     past.  Any Senator CAN end a filibuster on a proposal with 4
     supporting Senators and without objection from a Minister
     without Portfolio (any of whom CAN object).

with:

     During an emergency session, any Senator CAN declare a
     filibuster on a proposal in its voting period with 2 supporting
     Senators, provided no filibuster has been declared on that
     proposal in the past.  Any Senator CAN end a filibuster on a
     proposal without Senator three objections.

[[ The final problem with the Senate is that while it can block
proposals, in cannot force ones through. The simplest fix to that is
the following: ]]

Append the following to Rule 2177 (The Senate):

     During an emergency session, the eligible voters on a democratic
     decision are the active Senators, each with a voting limit of
     one, Rules to the contrary notwithstanding.

[[ And so the above works, ]] Mutate Rule 2177 (The Senate) to Power 3.