ID: 6531
Title: Chamber
Author: C-walker
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2.0

Replace the entire text of Rule 2156 (Voting on Ordinary Decision) with:

      Chamber is a proposal switch, possessed only by proposals which
      are in the proposal pool or have an ongoing Agoran Decision to
      adopt them, tracked by the Promotor, with values Green
      (default), Red and Purple. In the same message in which a player
      submits a proposal, e CAN set its Chamber by announcement;
      otherwise it is set to eir Title.

      Title is a player switch, tracked by the Assessor, with the same
      values and default as Chamber. A player CAN change eir Title by
      announcement, except if e has already done so before in the same
      month. A player with a Title of Green is a 'Green player', a
      player with a Title of Red is a 'Red player' and so on.

      Changes to Title and Chamber are secured.

      Each ordinary decision is either Green, Red or Purple; this
      defaults to the Chamber of the proposal the decision is about,
      but CAN be changed by Rules of Power 2 or higher during the
      voting period of the decision.

      The eligible voters on an ordinary decision are the players who
      were active at the start of its voting period. The initial
      voting limit of a player on an ordinary decision is as follows,
      except that it is increased by one for each Extra Vote Card the
      player owns and decreased by one for each positive multiple of
      two Rests the player owns:

       - For a Green ordinary decision, the Green players have a base
       voting limit of 5, the Red players have a base voting limit of
       2 and the Purple players have a base voting limit of 1.

       - For a Red ordinary decision, the Red players have a base
       voting limit of 5, the Purple players have a base voting limit
       of 2 and the Green players have a base voting limit of 1.

       - For a Purple ordinary decision, the Purple players have a
       base voting limit of 5, the Green players have a base voting
       limit of 2 and the Red players have a base voting limit of 1.

Replace the entire text of Rule 2211 (The Grand Poobah) with:

      The Grand Poobah is an office; its holder is responsible for
      tracking the Deck of Government.

Remove the following paragraphs from Rule 2260 (The Deck of Government):

      * Roll Call      - Indicate a player and an ongoing ordinary
                         Agoran Decision with more than 24 hours
                         remaining in its voting period. That player's
                         voting limit on that Decision is increased by
                         one.

      * Arm-Twist      - Indicate a player and an ongoing ordinary
                         Agoran Decision. That player's voting limit
                         on that Decision is increased by one.

      * Lobbyist       - Increase the caste of a player you name,
                         other than yourself, by one.

      * Local Election - Indicate a non-Savage player. That player's
                         caste is decreased by one.

Append the following to Rule 2260 (The Deck of Government):

      * Extra Vote      - (Effect) This card affects voting limits on
                          ordinary decisions, as described in other
                          Rules.

      * Local Election  - Indicate a player who owns an Extra Vote
                          card. One Extra Vote Card in that player's
                          possession is destroyed.

      * Cross the Lobby - Indicate an ongoing ordinary decision and
                          specify a Chamber value. That ordinary decision's
                          colour is changed to the specified Chamber value.

Set the Frequency of each of the Cards in the Deck of Government to
the following:

Card	        Frequency
Extra Vote	20
Local Election	20
Cross the Lobby	10
Debate-o-matic	20
On the Nod	29
Kill Bill	10
No Confidence	5
Government Ball	1

In Rule 1607 (The Promotor) replace

      For an Agoran decision of whether to adopt a proposal, the
      following are essential parameters:

      a) Its author (and co-authors, if any).
      b) Its interest index.

with:

      For an Agoran decision of whether to adopt a proposal, the
      following are essential parameters:

      a) Its author (and co-authors, if any).
      b) Its interest index.
      c) Its Chamber.

Destroy every Local Election Card.