ID: 6539
Title: Dealing Refactor 
Author: coppro
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

Amend Rule 2253 to read as follows:
{{
       Cards are any class of assets defined by the Rules to be cards.
       For the rules to define a class of assets to be a card, the
       Rules must define its Title, its Deck, and one of: its Exploit,
       its Position, or its Effect.  Card instances of the same class
       are fungible.  Ownership of cards is restricted to players and
       contests, and may be further restricted by the Rule defining a
       given variety of Card.

       The Dealor is an office, and the Recordkeepor of Cards.

       The Dealor CAN, by announcement:
        * create a Card in the possession of any entity qualified to
          own that Card;
        * destroy any Card;
        * transfer a Card between any two entities;
       however e SHALL only perform these actions as explicitly
       required by the Rules, or as would be POSSIBLE and LEGAL for em
       to do were e not the Dealor.

       The maximum FINE amount for each card is two, except where
       specified otherwise.
}}

Set the Interest Index of the Dealor to 3.
Set the Interest Index of the Grand Poobah, the Insulator, and the
Anarchist to 1.

Amend Rule 2255 by removing "whose dealer is the Herald.".

Amend Rule 2257 to read as follows:
{{
       Each defined Exploit or Effect card type shall have a Frequency,
       which is a non-negative integer defaulting to 0.
       The Frequency of each card type is part of the Dealor's weekly
       report.

       Changing the frequency of each card type is secured, and the
       frequency of a card type CAN be changed:
           * by the Dealor without 2 objections;
           * by any player with Agoran Consent;
           * as soon as possible after a player wins an election for
             Dealor, if e publicly stated that e intended to change a
             given Card's Frequency to a certain value if elected, e
             CAN and CALL change that Card's Frequency by announcement,
             and SHALL NOT deal a card before e does so.

       Whenever the rules indicate that the Dealer SHALL deal a Card to
       from a Deck an entity, the Dealor SHALL, as soon as possible,
       create a Card from that Deck in the possession of that entity,
       with the Card chosen at random from among Cards in that Deck,
       with the relative probability of a particular Card being chosen
       chosen being the Frequency of that Card. If no Card from the
       specified Deck has a positive Frequency, or if the entity is not
       eligible to own the Card selected, the Dealor SHALL, rather than
       create a Card, announce why e cannot.
}}

Enact a new Rule with Power 2, reading as follows:
{{
       The Rules may state that a player Earns a Draw from a given Deck
       for various reasons. The Rule stating that a player
       Earns a Draw may also state an office responsible for tracking
       tracking that Draw; if not specified, the Dealor tracks that
       Draw.

       After the end of each week, the officers so responsible SHALL,
       as soon as possible, publicly post a listing of each Draw Earned
       (for which e is responsible to track) during the previous week
       and by whom and from which Deck it was Earned.

       As soon as possible as a report of Draws Earned for a given week
       is issued, the Dealor SHALL, as soon as possible, deal to each
       entity named in the report the approrpiate number of cards from
       the appropriate deck.
}}

Amend Rule 2258 to read as follows:
{{
       Some Decks may be Basic Decks, as defined by the Rules.

       Salary is a first-class player switch, tracked by the Registrar,
       with possible values N,M,O,P where each letter is replaced with
       a defined Basic Deck.  The default value for this switch is
       Change,Change,Justice,Government. Ordering of N,M,O,P is not a
       significant differentiating aspect of the switch value, only the
       number of times each deck type is listed within the switch.

       A player CAN change the value of eir own Salary switch by
       announcement.

       At the end of each month, each first-class player Earns a number
       of Draws from each Basic Deck equal to the number of times that
       deck appeared in eir salary switch at the beginning of the
       month. These Draws are tracked by the Registrar.

       Office Salary is a switch for each office, tracked by the IADoP,
       with possible values being the names of each Basic Deck (default
       Government).  The holder of each OFFICE CAN change that office's
       salary by announcement. At the end of each week, each holder of
       an office Earns a number of Draws from the Deck indicated by the
       office's Office Salary to the interest index for that office.
       These Draws are tracked by the IADoP.

       When a first-class player registers, e Earns two Draws from each
       Basic Deck. These Draws are tracked by the Registrar.
}}

Amend Rule 2259 by replacing "Accountor" with "Dealor" and by replacing
the last paragraph with the following:
{{
       As soon as possible after the beginning of each month, the
       Dealor CAN and SHALL by announcement audit, for each Basic Deck,
       the entity or entities who owned the most Cards from that Deck
       at the beginning of the month.
}}

Amend Rule 2260 by replacing the first two paragraphs with the
following:
{{
       When a player wins an election, e Earns two Draws from the
       Government Deck. These Draws are tracked by the IADoP.

       The Deck of Government is a Basic Deck consisting of the
       following cards, listed by title followed by Exploit (default)
       or Effect (if marked as such).
}}

Amend Rule 2261 by replacing the first paragraph with the following if
the Rule does not contain the word "coauthors"
{{
       When a proposal authored by a player is adopted and takes
       effect, that player Earns a number of Draws from the Change Deck
       equal to the Interest Index of the proposal. These Draws are
       tracked by the IADoP.
}}
otherwise by replacing the first paragraph with the following:
{{
       When a proposal authored by a player is adopted and takes
       effect, that player Earns a number of Draws from the Change Deck
       equal to the Interest Index of the proposal and, if the proposal
       was interested, its coauthors, if players, each Earn one Draw from
       the Change Deck. These Draws are tracked by the IADoP.
}}
and, in any case, by replacing the second paragraph with the following:
{{
       The Deck of Change is a Basic Deck consisting of the following
       cards, listed by title followed by Exploit (default) or Effect
       (if marked as such).
}}

Amend Rule 2262 by replacing the first two paragraphs with the
following:
{{
       When a judge judges an interested case within its time limit, e
       earns a draw from the Deck of Justice.  These Draws are tracked
       by the CotC. If a judge's judgement is OVERTURNED on appeal, one
       justice on the appeals panel CAN destroy one Justice card e
       indicates in the judge's possession by announcement.

       The Deck of Justice is a Basic Deck consisting of the following
       cards, listed by title followed by Exploit (default) or Effect
       (if marked as such).
}}