ID: 6579
Title: Amethyst Card Repeal
Author: coppro
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2.0

[Repeal Cards and Distributability (which doesn't make sense without
Cards, and we don't need brakes on gameplay right now anyway).

Note that the red/green/purple voting system still works.  This
doesn't change decisions being ordinary by default, but without Extra
Vote cards, ordinary decisions are pretty democratic already, and
Support Democracy is still an option with 2 support.

Major Arcana and coups are left in place.]


Amend Rule 1607 (The Promotor) to read:

     The Promotor is an office; its holder is responsible for
     receiving and distributing proposals.

     In a given Agoran week, the Promotor CAN and SHALL, as part of
     eir weekly duties, distribute all proposals in the Proposal Pool
     that were in the Proposal Pool at the start of the week.

     For an Agoran decision of whether to adopt a proposal, the
     following are essential parameters:

     a) Its author (and co-authors, if any).
     b) Its interest index.
     c) Its Chamber.

     Distributed proposals have ID numbers, to be assigned by the
     Promotor.

     The Promotor's report includes a list of all proposals in the
     Proposal Pool.

[The only effect of these rules is to make proposals distributable:]
Repeal Rule 2250 (Officer's Proposals).
Repeal Rule 2267 (Judge's Proposals).

[Everything in the Cards section, except Government-related ones]

Repeal each of the following rules:
     Rule 2253: Cards
     Rule 2254: Position Cards
     Rule 2275: Government
     Rule 2256: Exploit Cards
     Rule 2266: Effect Cards
     Rule 2257: Dealing Cards
     Rule 2258: Decks, Draws, and Salaries
     Rule 2278: Earning Draws
     Rule 2259: Hand Limits
     Rule 2260: The Deck of Government
     Rule 2261: The Deck of Change
     Rule 2262: The Deck of Justice

Amend Rule 2156 (Voting on Ordinary Decisions) by removing the text
"increased by one for each Extra Vote Card the player owns and".

Amend Rule 2255 (Major Arcana) to read as follows:
{{
     The Major Arcana cards are a set of unique assets, each tracked by
     the Herald. Rules to the contrary notwithstanding, Major Arcana
     cards CANNOT be created or destroyed except as defined in this
     rule. If, despite this Rule, there exist multiple copies of
     a given Major Arcana card, the Herald CAN and SHALL destroy all
     but one of them, chosen at random. If, despite this Rule, there
     exist no copies of a given Major Arcana card, the Herald CAN and
     SHALL award one such Major Arcana card to an active player bearing
     the Patent Title Champion, chosen at random, if there are any.

     Title: Minister without Portfolio.
     Position: Any office held by the Minister without Portfolio is
     Postulated, rules to the contrary notwithstanding.

     Title:  Majority Leader.
     Position: The Majority Leader CAN veto a specified ordinary
     decision in its voting period by announcement; this increases
     its Adoption Index by 1 and makes it Democratic.

     Title: Cabinet Secretary.
     Position: the Cabinet Secretary CAN rubberstamp an ordinary,
     non-filibustered decision in its voting period by indicating the
     decision; this decreases its quorum to 3, rules to the contrary
     notwithstanding.

     Title: Chief Whip.
     Position:  The Chief Whip's voting limit on an ordinary
     decision is 1.5 times what it would otherwise be.

     Title: Justiciar.
     Position: The Justiciar may be granted particular abilities or
     privileges associated with the judicial process as described
     elsewhere in the Rules.

     Title: Admiral of the Navy.
     Position:  The Admiral of the Navy CAN begin a coup by
     announcing the ceremonial shelling of the palace.  The effects
     of the coup (if any) are as described elsewhere in the rules.
}}