ID: 6588
Title: R101 changes
Author: c.
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3.0

[This version doesn't change vii. at all (aside from renumbering it).]

Amend Rule 101 to read as follows, excluding the bracketed text (which
is for commentary purposes only and has no effect):

     WHEREAS Agora, since its inception, has functioned not only as a
     game but as a society, and WHEREAS a society, to function, must
     balance its Rules with the natural rights of its participants,
     BE IT HEREBY PROCLAIMED that no interpretation of Agoran law or
     binding agreement may substantially limit or remove a person's
     rights or privileges as defined by this Rule, except through the
     explicit and legal amendment of this Rule or, in the case of a
     privilege, the person's explicit consent.

     A person may voluntarily waive eir future privileges, partially
     or entirely, or, at the appropriate time, choose not to exercise
     a right or privilege, but cannot waive eir rights irrevocably,
     rules to the contrary notwithstanding.  Rights and privileges
     pertain to a person directly: for the purposes of this rule, a
     person caused by the Rules to perform a specific action is
     considered to do so involuntarily.

[Stronger protection of rights.  Note that with this change, you can
explicitly waive your privilege to refuse to agree to an amendment to
a contract, but if you don't, you are free to so refuse.  This works
out very similarly to the proposed "contract mutability" scheme: most
contracts are either agreement-style (which parties must not be able
to leave, but generally don't need to be amended) or minigame-style
(which need to be amended, but generally can be left at any time).  A
contract that requires amendment *and* forced membership can continue
to exist, by requiring its parties to waive their privilege.]

     This rule takes precedence over any rule which would allow or
     mandate restrictions of the rights or privileges contained
     herein.

       i. Every person has the right, though not necessarily the
          ability, to perform actions that are not prohibited or
          regulated by the Rules, with the sole exception of
          changing the Rules, which is permitted only when the Rules
          explicitly or implicitly permit it.

[i. unchanged]

      ii. Every person has the right to initiate a formal process to
          resolve matters of controversy, in the reasonable
          expectation that the process will fairly resolve the
          controversy.  Every person has the right to once cause
          formal reconsideration of any judicial determination that
          e should be punished.

[ii. add "fairly" and "once"]

     iii. Every person has the right to refuse to become party to a
          binding agreement, and the privilege to refuse to be bound
          by amendment to an agreement.  In the case of becoming a
          party, the absence of a person's explicit, willful consent
          shall be considered a refusal.

[iii. add the privilege to refuse to be bound by an amendment.  a
person must explicitly waive this, which is unlikely to happen with,
say, the Points Party]

      iv. The creation or amendment of an agreement is entirely
          without effect unless all parties have the reasonable
          opportunity beforehand to review its text.  A Rule Change
          is entirely without effect unless its substance is subject
          to general player review through a reasonably public
          process.

[iv. clarify what happens if a contract change happens without the
opportunity for review.  Rule Changes need to be separate because
inactive players are bound by the rules but may not have the
reasonable opportunity to review all proposals]

       v. Every player has the right of participation in the fora.

[v. unchanged]

      vi. Every person has the right to not be penalized more than
          once for any single action or inaction.  This right is not
          violated by replacing part or all of a penalty with a
          different but comparable penalty, e.g. when the rules
          governing penalties are amended; but it is violated by a
          second penalty even if the sum of the penalties is within
          the bounds of penalization for a single action.

[vi. add stuff after semicolon, make double jeopardy actually mean something.]

     vii. Every person has the right to be penalized for a violation
          to a degree appropriate for the violation, not exaggerated
          due to any other legal action or inaction.

[vii. new, the idea is to prevent "this scam is legal but we don't
like it.  take double rests for every late judgement in the last 90
days"... or "we don't like you.  take 24 rests for omitting some
boilerplate text in a report".]

     viii. Every player has the right to deregister rather than
           continue to play.

[viii. unchanged]

    Please treat Agora right good forever.