ID: 6616
Title: Ergs and Fees
Author: G.
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2.0

[Keeps major arcana, puts in basic fee-based system]

[Took all the wording/bug fix suggestions.  Under the principle of
"minimizing amount of change in a given overhaul" (yes I learned my
lesson from Cards) I've left the major arcana positions, leadership
tokens, etc. as is....even the useless MwoP.  Coppro had better ideas
for new ones so I'll defer to em to make a parallel proposal of eir
liking.  Or if e wants to write up a full draft I can include it in
v0.3].

[I've used self-ratification to improve what happens if you don't
have enough ergs to perform an action and changed the wording of
the base Fees Rule overall; worth another look for bugs.  Not
putting in resistors at this stage].

Repeal Rule 2256 (Exploit Cards)
Repeal Rule 2266 (Effect Cards)
Repeal Rule 2257 (Dealing Cards)
Repeal Rule 2258 (Decks, Draws, and Salaries)
Repeal Rule 2278 (Earning Draws)
Repeal Rule 2259 (Hand Limits)
Repeal Rule 2260 (The Deck of Government)
Repeal Rule 2261 (The Deck of Change)
Repeal Rule 2262 (The Deck of Justice)
Repeal Rule 2253 (Cards)
Repeal Rule 2254 (Position Cards)

Create the following rule, Energy, power-2:

     Ergs are a class of fixed assets and a measure of each Player's
     energy; to increase or decrease an entity's energy is to change
     the number of ergs in eir possession.  Ownership of Ergs is
     restricted to players.

     At the beginning of each week:
        (a) All the ergs in existence are destroyed; then
        (b) P ergs are created in the possession of each player, where
            P for a player equals 4 plus the sum of the interest indices
            of offices that e holds.

     The Power Station Manager (PSM) is an office and the recordkeepor
     of ergs.  Eir weekly report shall include a list of all erg
     transactions of the previous week.

[Note: keeping the weekly report with added info. for the moment, just
because it's good to keep a report going at first until we know what we
need].

The Interest Index of the PSM is hereby set to 2.


Create the following rule, Fees, power-2:
     If the Rules associate a non-negative cost, price, charge, or
     fee with an action, that action is a fee-based action.  If the
     specified cost is not an integer, the actual fee is the next
     highest integer.

     To perform a fee-based action, a Player (the Actor) who is
     not otherwise forbidden to perform the action CAN perform it by
     announcing that e is performing the action while also announcing
     that there is a fee for that action.  Upon said announcement, if
     the Player has sufficient energy, then the action is performed,
     and a number of ergs in the Actor's possession equal to the
     fee are destroyed.

     An attempt to performed a fee-based action is also implicitly a
     claim to be in possession of sufficient ergs to perform the
     action, and such a claim is self-ratifying.  If the claim is
     erroneous but self-ratifies, then the action is deemed to have
     occurred and destroyed all ergs in the possession of the claimant.
     Making such a claim falsely is the Class-2 Crime of Assaulting the
     Batteries, but it is generally appropriate to DISCHARGE such a
     crime if it is disputed within four days.


Create the following Rule, Fee-based actions, power-2:

     - A player CAN increase eir voting limit on a specified
       decision to adopt a proposal in its voting period by 2Q, by
       paying a fee of Q.  This rule defers to other Rules that
       define maximum voting limits.

     - A player CAN make a proposal Distributable for a charge of 1 erg.

     - A player CAN make a proposal Undistributable for a charge of 2
       ergs.

     - A player CAN destroy a Rest in the possession of another player
       for a charge of 2 ergs.  A player CAN destroy one of eir own
       Rests for a charge of 3 ergs.

     - A player CAN make an ongoing Ordinary decision Democratic for a
       charge of 3 ergs.

     - A player CAN initiate an election for a specified Office for a
       charge of 3 ergs.

     - A player CAN change the chamber of an ongoing ordinary decision
       for a charge of 2 ergs.

     - A player CAN veto or rubberstamp an ongoing ordinary decision for
       a charge of 3 ergs.


Upon the adoption of this proposal, 6 ergs are created in the possession
of each player.

Amend Rule 2156 (Voting on Ordinary Decisions) by replacing its last
paragraph with:
     The eligible voters on an ordinary decision are the players who
     were active at the start of its voting period.  The voting limit
     of a player on an ordinary decision is eir base  voting limit on
     that decision (as defined elsewhere in the rules), minus one for
     each positive multiple of two Rests the player owns. This rule
     defers to other rules of equal power in the determination of voting
     limits.

Amend Rule 2255 (Major Arcana) to read:

     Each of the items listed in this rule by a title and position is
     an asset tracked by the Herald.  Collectively these assets are
     known as Cards.

     Cards CANNOT be destroyed except as described in this Rule, nor
     CAN more than a single instance of each particular card come
     into existence, rules to the contrary notwithstanding.
     If a CFJ determines that the possessor of the instance can't be
     determined by reasonable effort, then that Herald CAN and SHALL,
     as soon as possible, destroy any instance of that card that
     might exist and create that card in the possession of an active
     player who holds the Patent Title Champion, chosen at random.

     If the holder of a particular card is a Player, the holder of that
     card is considered to be the holder of its listed position, and
     have the powers and duties described by the Rules for that
     position.

     Title: Minister without Portfolio.
     Position: The Minister without Portfolio CAN become holder of a
     specified vacant elected office by announcement, unless e is
     prevented from holding that office on an ongoing basis.

     Title:  Majority Leader.
     Position: The Majority Leader CAN veto a specified ordinary
     decision in its voting period by announcement; this increases
     its Adoption Index by 1 and makes it Democratic.

     Title: Cabinet Secretary.
     Position: the Cabinet Secretary CAN rubberstamp an ordinary,
     non-filibustered decision in its voting period by indicating the
     decision; this decreases its quorum to 3, rules to the contrary
     notwithstanding.

     Title: Chief Whip.
     Position:  The Chief Whip's voting limit on an Ordinary
     proposal is 1.5 times what it would otherwise be.

     Title: Justiciar.
     Position: The Justiciar may be granted particular abilities or
     privileges associated with the judicial process as described
     elsewhere in the Rules.

     Title: Admiral of the Navy.
     Position:  The Admiral of the Navy CAN begin a coup by
     announcing the ceremonial shelling of the palace.  The effects
     of the coup (if any) are as described elsewhere in the rules.

Retitle Rule 2255 to "Cards".
Amend Rule 2275 by deleting all instances of the phrase "Major Arcana".
Amend Rule 2273 by deleting all instances of the phrase "Major Arcana".

If all copies of cards (individual assets) have ceased to exist, they
are hereby created in the possession of each entity that held the card
of the same title the instant before the proposal took effect.