ID: 6623
Title:  Hold still!
Author: G.
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2.0

Create a rule titled "Timing of Voting Limits" with Power 3 and this
text:

     Voting eligibility and voting limits for an Agoran decision are
     fixed according to the gamestate at the start of the voting
     period.  Exception:  during the voting period, an eligible voter
     CAN by announcement cause eir voting limit to be re-measured
     according to the gamestate at the time of the announcement, but
     only if e first retracts eir previous vote(s) (if any) on that
     decision.

[Moves the burden of noticing a change in potential voting limit from
the Assessor to the voter.]

Amend Rule 1950 (Voting on Democratic Decisions) to read:

     The eligible voters on a democratic decision are the active
     first-class players.

[Remove redundancies with the above rule and Rule 683.]

Amend Rule 2154 (Election Procedure) by removing this text from
section 3:

     Each eligible voter's voting limit is one.

[Redundant with Rule 683.]

Amend Rule 2156 (Voting on Ordinary Decisions) by replacing this text:

     The eligible voters on an ordinary decision are the players who
     were active at the start of its voting period.  The voting limit
     of a player on an ordinary decision is eir base  voting limit on
     that decision (as defined elsewhere in the rules), plus one for
     each Extra Vote card e owns, minus one for each positive
     multiple of two Rests the player owns. This rule defers to other
     rules of equal power in the determination of voting limits.

with this text:

     The eligible voters on an ordinary decision are the players who
     were active at the start of its voting period.  The voting limit
     of a player on an ordinary decision is eir base voting limit on
     that decision (as defined elsewhere in the rules), subject to
     modification by rules with power at least as great as this one.

[Refactor Extra Vote and Rest modifiers into separate rules, especially
since Extra Votes may be ditched soon.]

Create a rule titled "Bonus for Extra Votes" with Power 2 and this text:

     The voting limit of a player on an ordinary decision is increased
     by one for each Extra Vote card e owns.

Create a rule titled "Penalty for Rests" with Power 2 and this text:

     The voting limit of a player on an ordinary decision is decreased
     by one for every two Rests e owns.