ID: 6640
Title: Hold still, take two
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3.0

Create a rule titled "Timing of Voting Limits" with Power 3 and this
text:

     Voting eligibility and voting limits for an Agoran decision are
     fixed according to the gamestate at the start of the voting
     period, with the following exceptions:

       a) When a decision becomes democratic during its voting period,
          voting eligibility and voting limits are re-measured
          according to the gamestate at the start of the voting period
          as it pertained to democratic decisions.

       b) During the voting period, an eligible voter CAN by
          announcement cause eir voting limit to be re-measured
          according to the gamestate at the time of the announcement;
          this causes any votes e previously cast on that decision to
          be retracted.

[Moves the burden of noticing a change in potential voting limit from
the Assessor to the voter.]

Amend Rule 1950 (Voting on Democratic Decisions) to read:

     The eligible voters on a democratic decision are the active
     first-class players.

[Remove redundancies with the above rule and Rule 683.]

Amend Rule 2154 (Election Procedure) by removing this text from
section 3:

     Each eligible voter's voting limit is one.

[Redundant with Rule 683.]

Amend Rule 2156 (Voting on Ordinary Decisions) by replacing the
paragraph beginning with this text:

     The eligible voters on an ordinary decision are

with this text:

     The eligible voters on an ordinary decision are the active
     players.  The voting limit of a player on an ordinary decision
     is eir base voting limit on that decision (as defined elsewhere
     in the rules, equal to one if it would otherwise be undefined or
     ambiguous), subject to modification by rules with power at least
     as great as this one.

[Refactor Rest modifier into a separate rule.  Remove redundancy with
the new rule created above.  Protect against the definition of base
voting limits being broken.]

Create a rule titled "Penalty for Rests" with Power 2 and this text:

     The voting limit of a player on an ordinary decision is decreased
     by one for every two Rests e owns.