ID: 6686
Title: Cleanup in Aisle 2156
Author: coppro
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2.0

Amend Rule 2156 (Voting on Ordinary Decisions) to read as follows
       The eligible voters on an ordinary decision are the players who
       were active at the start of its voting period. The voting limit
       of a player on an ordinary decision is defined elsewhere in the
       rules, but is fixed at the resolution of the Decision and
       thereafter CANNOT change, rules to the contrary notwithstanding.
       This restriction does not prevent a change that would change a
       voting limit from occurring; it only prevents it from actually
       effecting that limit.

Enact a new Rule at power 2, entitled Chamber and Title, that reads as
follows:
       Chamber is a switch possessed by players, proposals in the
       Proposal Pool, and ongoing Agoran Decisions to adopt Proposals.
       The possible values for Chamber are Green, Red, and
       Purple. Green is superior to Purple, Red is superior to Green, and
       Purple is superior to Red; the opposite of superior is inferior.

       The default is Green in case of players, the Chamber of
       the author in case of proposals, and the Chamber of the proposal
       in question in case of a Decision. These are not continuously
       updated, but evaluated only as the entity comes into being.

       A player CAN change eir Title by announcement if e has not
       already done so previously in the same month. In the same message
       in which a player submits a proposal, e CAN set its Chamber by
       announcement. Changes to Title are secured.

       The Assessor tracks the Chamber of players and the Promotor
       tracks the Chamber of proposals.

       The Chamber of a player may also be referred to as eir Title;
       this does not extend to proposals or Decisions. A player may be
       referred to as a "<foo> player", where <foo> is eir Chamber.

Retitle Rule 2279 (Base Voting Limits) to (Voting Limits on Ordinary
Decisions) and amend it to read as follows:
       A player's voting limit on an Ordinary decision is the result of
       performing the following steps, in order:

           (1) Take the following value, depending on the relationship
                between the player's Chamber and the Chamber of the
                Decision:
                   (a) If eir Chamber is superior, it is 2, else
                   (b) If eir Chamber is inferior, it is 1, else
                   (c) If the Chambers are identical, it is 5.

           (2) Reduce the value by half the number of Rests owned by
               the player.

           (3) Apply any other adjustments defined in other rules, in
               numerical order unless otherwise specified.

           (4) Round the value to the nearest non-negative integer,
               breaking ties upward.

       This rule takes precedence over any other rule which would
       modify a player's voting limit on an ordinary Decision.

Amend Rule 2255 by replacing
       Title: Chief Whip.
       Position:  The Chief Whip's voting limit on an Ordinary proposal
       is 1.5 times what it would otherwise be.
with
       Title: Chief Whip.
       Position:  The Chief Whip's voting limit on an ordinary Decision
       is 1.5 times what it would otherwise be; this applies after other
       calculations.