ID: 6695
Title: Sentencing Reform
Author: coppro
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2.0

Amend Rule 1504 (Criminal Cases) to read as follows:

       Criminal cases are a subclass of judicial cases.  Any
       first-class person can initiate a criminal case by an
       announcement calling for judgement on the circumstances
       surrounding a specified valid Notice of Violation alleging a
       rules breach by a single entity (the Accused).  The initiator
       and each member of the Accused's basis are unqualified to be
       assigned as judge of the case.

       A criminal case has a judicial question on culpability, which is
       applicable at all times following the call for judgement.  The
       valid judgements for this question are:

       * GUILTY, appropriate if the judge finds, beyond a reasonable
         doubt, that ALL of the following are true:
        (a) the Accused breached the specified rule via the specified
            act;
        (b) the breach occurred within 90 days prior to the case being
            initiated;
        (c) judgement has not already been reached in another criminal
            case, or punishment already applied through another
            uncontested notice of violation, with the same Accused, the
            same rule, and substantially the same alleged act;
        (d) the Accused could not have reasonably believed that the
            alleged act did not violate the specified rule;
        (e) the Accused could have reasonably avoided committing the
            breach without committing a different breach of equal or
            greater severity.

       * NOT GUILTY, appropriate if GUILTY is not appropriate.  In
         delivering this verdict, the judge SHOULD indicate which of
         the sub-requirements for a finding of guilty were not found to
         be true beyond a reasonable doubt.

       When a judicial question on culpability is judged after a number
       of Rests have been created in the Accused's possession due to
       the associated notice, an equal number of Rests in the Accused's
       possession are destroyed.

Enact a new power-2 rule entitled "Sentences" that reads as follows:

       A criminal case has a judicial question on sentencing, which is
       applicable if the question on culpability is applicable and has
       a judgement of GUILTY.  If a criminal case has an applicable
       question on sentencing which has a judgement, the Accused is
       hereafter known as the ninny, and the judgement in the question
       on sentencing is known as the sentence.

       If a sentence has been continuously assigned to a case for at
       least one week, any player CAN cause it to take effect by
       announcement; the effects of the various sentences are described
       below. No appeal can be initiated regarding a criminal case if
       its sentence has taken effect.

       This rule defers to other rules that define the apporpriateness
       of sentences.

       The valid sentences are:

       * DISCHARGE, appropriate only in extraordinary circumstances if
         any available non-null punishment would be manifestly unjust.
         Has no effect.

       * APOLOGY with a set of up to ten prescribed words (the empty
         set if none is explicitly specified), appropriate for rule
         breaches of small consequence.  When it takes effect, the ninny
         SHALL as soon as possible publish a formal apology of at least
         200 words, including all the prescribed words, explaining eir
         error, shame, remorse, and ardent desire for self-improvement.
         Failure to do so is a Class-3 Crime of Failure to Apologize.

       * SILENCE with a positive number less than 15 (X), appropriate
         for Crimes. X SHOULD be equal to the Class of the Crime. When
         it takes effect, the ninny is awarded X Rests.

       * COMMUNITY SERVICE with a set of up to five tasks (the
         prescribed tasks) that the ninny CAN reasonably and legally
         perform, appropriate for rule breaches of moderate consequence
         if the severity of the rule breach is reasonably correlated
         with the consequences of performing the tasks, and especially
         if any other available non-null punishment would be either
         unjust or insufficient.  The balance between compensatory and
         punitive service is left to the judge's discretion. When it
         takes effect, the ninny SHALL perform  the prescribed tasks. If
         no time limit for the tasks is specified, they must be
         completed in a timely manner. Failure to complete the tasks on
         time is the Class-5 Crime of Individuality Disservice.

       * TIME OUT with a number of days between 7 and 21, appropriate
         for major breaches of Agoran trust. When the sentence comes
         into effect, the ninny becomes inactive, and SHALL NOT become
         active for the number of days specified. Becoming inactive
         during this period is the Class-10 Crime of Leaving the Corner.

       Players SHOULD NOT create rules defining Crimes of a Class
       greater than 14.