ID: 6705
Title: Prejudice
Author: comex
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1.7

PROPOSAL TEXT:
Amend Rule 2226 (Judicial Rank) by replacing:

       When a judgement is overruled on appeal, if the prior judge's
       judicial rank is higher than 0, then it is decreased by 1.

with:

       When an appeal of a judicial case is judged with prejudice, if
       the prior judge's judicial rank is higher than 0, then it is
       decreased by 1.

Amend Rule 911 (Appeal Cases) by replacing:

       An appeal case has a judicial question on disposition, which is
       applicable if and only if the prior question is applicable.  The
       valid judgements for the question on disposition, and their
       effects, are as follows, based on the appropriateness of the
       prior judgement at the time it was delivered:

with:

       An appeal case has a judicial question on disposition, which is
       applicable if and only if the prior question is applicable.  The
       valid judgements for the question on disposition are of the form
       "<action> with prejudice" or "<action> without prejudice".  Such
       a judgement is generally appropriate if and only if
       (1) the action is appropriate, and
       (2) the judgement is with prejudice if and only if the prior
           judge made an error in eir judgement which could have been
           reasonably avoided, or generally inappropriately discharged
           eir duties in the case.

       The valid values of <action> and their associated effects are as
       follows:

and by replacing:

       * REMAND, appropriate if there is serious doubt about the
         appropriateness of the prior judgement

with:

       * REMAND, appropriate if there is serious doubt about whether
         the prior judgement was appropriate

and by replacing:

       * REASSIGN, appropriate if there is serious doubt about the
         appropriateness of the prior judgement

with:

       * REASSIGN, appropriate if there is serious doubt about whether
         the prior judgement was appropriate

and by replacing:

         deliver a judgement of either REMAND or REASSIGN, whichever e
         feels is most appropriate.

with:

         judgement of either REMAND or REASSIGN with or without
         prejudice, whichever e feels is most appropriate.

and by adding this paragraph after the list of judgements:

       The appropriateness of the prior judgement is measured at the
       time it was assigned.

[Greater flexibility in appeal cases: judge X with prejudice if it's
the judge's fault, or X without prejudice otherwise.  Currently, the
penalty for OVERRULE punishes said-TRUE-when-I-meant-FALSE, but does
not address cases where, say, the judge made a grossly inappropriate
judgement, but the issue is too important for the panel to choose a
replacement judgement.  Some combinations are less likely than others,
but I can think of reasons to use any combination of action and
prejudice, so they are all allowed.]