ID: 6708
Title: The Gameplay-o-Matic
Author: coppro
Co-authors: comex, woggle
Adoption index: 1.9

COMMENTS:
Basically, the idea is that everyone builds up a set of rules gradually,
then they can be joined together into a coherent form and enacted by
proposal. When this happens, the contributors to the amalgam proposal
are rewarded - the high reward for authorship of a Defragmentation
Proposal is intended to encourage competition in writing those
proposals.

No mechanism exists to remove individual Fragments, as bad Fragments
simply will not get added to proposal Inodes, or else the proposal will
not be adopted. Likewise, proposals that abuse the spirit of this rule
will not be adopted.

Some of the wording is bad, but I would rather enact this and start
encouraging Fragment-based gameplay right away and fix it later.

I'm upping Leadership Tokens so that they can actually destroy Rests;
the 1.9 number was picked because 2 is too high but I don't want
Leadership Tokens to rely on a Rule of lower power to be the
recordkeepor.

PROPOSAL TEXT:
Enact a new Rule with power 1.9, entitled "Fragments", with the
following text:
{{
       If
         - e has not already done so, or
         - if at least two other players done so so e last did so, or
         - three days have passed since e last did so,
       a player CAN publish a Fragment. A Fragment SHOULD be a short
       (possibly as small as a sentence) body of text intended to become
       a portion of a Rule. A new Fragment SHOULD bear some relation to
       existing Fragments.

       The Granulator is an office. Eir weekly report includes a
       listing of all Fragments and their authors and is self-ratifying.

       Fragments have ID numbers, to be assigned by the Granulator.

       The Granulator CAN, without 3 Objections, cause all Fragments to
       cease to be Fragments.
}}

Enact a new Rule with power 1.9, entitled "Defragmentation Proposals"
with the following text:
{{
       Some proposals are Defragmentation Proposals (D-Proposals).
       D-Proposals are associated with a number of Fragments; these
       Fragments make up the D-Proposal's Inode.

       A Proposal's author CAN, in the same message in which a Proposal
       is submitted, make it a D-Proposal if, e adds at least four
       Fragments to its Inode in that message.

       A player CAN, without objection from the Proposal's author (or
       by announcement if e is emself the author), add a Fragment to a
       D-Proposal's Inode. A Fragment SHALL only be added to a
       D-Proposal's Inode if the D-Proposal's adoption would cause the
       text of the Fragment (or substantially similar text) to be
       included in the Ruleset.

       On an Agoran Decision to adopt a D-Proposal, the list of Fragments
       in the Proposal's Inode along with their authors is an essential
       parameter. The Promotor's report shall include the same
       information for each D-Proposal in the report.

       When a D-Proposal is adopted, immediately before it takes effect,
       the author of that Proposal is awarded a Leadership Token.
       Additionally, each player who authored one or more Fragments in
       the Proposal's Inode is awarded Leadership Tokens equal to one
       third the number of such Fragments e authored, rounded up.
       Lastly, all Fragments cease to be Fragments.

       If a Fragment that is a member of a Defragmentation Proposal's
       Inode ceases to be a Fragment, it is still treated as one for the
       purpose of rules relating to that Proposal.
}}

If there exist a rule entitled 'Leadership Tokens', amend it to read as
follows; otherwise enact a rule entitled 'Leadership Tokens' with the
following text:
{{
       Leadership Tokens are a currency tracked by the Granulator. A
       player CANNOT destroy (redeem) Leadership Tokens in eir
       possession except by announcement and for a specified one of the
       following effects:

         (a) A player CAN redeem 3 Leadership Tokens in eir possession
             to satisfy the Winning Condition of Leadership.
         (b) A player CAN redeem 1 Leadership Token in eir possession
             to destroy up to 4 Rests e owns.
         (c) A player CAN redeem 1 Leadership Token in eir possession
             to award emself 7 ergs.
}}

Change the power of the rule entitled 'Leadership Tokens' to 1.7.