ID: 6727
Title: Voting Cutbacks
Author: coppro
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3.0

COMMENTS:
Removes the potential for silliness caused by current ordinary
decisions; maybe Fragments will come up with a new system. Support
Democracy is also replaced with using the Senate; it's intentional that
the change only apply to new proposals - I wanted something new.

PROPOSAL TEXT:
Amend Rule 2177 (The Senate) by replacing the last paragraph with
       When an Emergency Session begins, all non-Senators' postures
       become supine, non-Senators' voting limits on all unresolved
       Agoran decisions become 0, and Senators' voting limits on all
       unresolved Agoran decisions become 1. As long as the Emergency
       Session is in progress, postures of non-Senators and voting limits
       CANNOT be changed. This paragraph takes precedence over other
       rules.

Retitle Rule 2156 (Voting on Ordinary Decisions) to "Voting Limit
Entrenchment", change its power to 3, and amend it by replacing the
first two sentences with:
       A player's voting limit on an Agoran Decision is fixed at the
       end of that Decision's voting period and thereafter CANNOT change,
       rules to the contrary notwithstanding.

Repeal Rule 2142 (Support Democracy)

Repeal Rule 2290 (Chamber and Title)

Amend Rule 2279 to read as follows:
       A player's voting limit on an Ordinary decision is the result of
       performing the following steps, in order:

           (1) Start with the value 1.

           (3) Apply any other adjustments defined in other rules, in
               numerical order unless otherwise specified.

           (2) Reduce the value by half the number of Rests owned by
               the player, rounded down.

           (4) Round the value to the nearest non-negative integer,
               breaking ties upward.

       This rule takes precedence over any other rule which would
       modify a player's voting limit on an ordinary Decision.

Amend Rule 1607 by deleting the third bullet in the list of essential
parameters.

Repeal Rule 2134 (Win by Clout)

Amend Rule 2284 (Fee-based actions) by removing the seventh bullet