ID: 6747
Title: Space Alert
Author: Tiger
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1.0

Enact a new rule:

[[[
     Objects In Space

     Some game objects are In Space. Objects In Space are represented
     on the following style of map:

     @->---@

     All such objects are located on a straight line leading from one
     wormhole (@) to another. The line is divided into segments of
     one AU each, with no more than one object in the same segment,
     and dashes representing empty segments. Any definition of a type
     of object In Space must include the symbol to represent it on
     the map.

     Objects In Space have a number of stats. All objects have a
     position value and a delta value. The position is the number of
     the segment it occupies, counting from the left with the first
     wormhole as 0. At the beginning of each week, an object's
     position is increased by its delta. If an object's delta is
     positive or 0 it faces right, if negative it faces left. An
     object's position must be between 0 and the position of the
     second wormhole. Any object that finds itself outside of this
     area or on a wormhole is warped and disappears.

     Other common stats include maximum hit points, current hit
     points, attack value, explosion value and scouting value.
]]]

Enact a new rule:

[[[
     The Shuttle

     The Shuttle is an object In Space that houses the crew
     consisting of almost all active players. It enters play through
     the first wormhole and its objective is to reach the second one.
     When it appears, it has the following stats:
     Symbol: >
     Maximum hit points: 12
     Position: 1
     Delta: 1
     Explosion: 0

     Station is a switch possessed by all active players, with
     possible values Outside (default), Lower Deck, Engine Room and
     Bridge. While the Shuttle is on a journey, a player may flip eir
     Station switch at most once every 12 hours to te value of an
     adjacent room, where Lower Deck is adjacent to Enginge Room
     which is also adjacent to Bridge. This is known as walking to
     the room indicated by the new value. A player whose Station is x
     "is (stationed) in/on the x". The non-Outside values of the
     Station switches are also rooms aboard the Shuttle.
]]]

Enact a new rule:

[[[
     Journeys and the Enemy:

     The Shuttle regularly makes journeys between the wormholes. If a
     journey is not in place, any player can with notice initiate a
     new journey. That player then becomes the Enemy, eir Station
     switch is flipped to Outside, the Station switches of all other
     players are flipped to Bridge and all objects In Space are
     destroyed. The Enemy shall then as soon as possible post the map
     of the new journey, marking out only the two new wormholes and
     the new Shuttle. The position of the second wormhole is
     multiplied by the number of players on the Bridge to get the
     journey's Level, and the Enemy is awarded that many Threat
     Points (a non-tradeable currency).

     The Enemy can use these Threat Points to create Threats by
     defining the new Threat, paying its cost, and deploying it ready
     to attack. The cost of a Threat (minimum 0) is calculated by the
     following formula: H+|d|+e+a+s+10-|S-p| where the symbols denote
     the following values:
     H = its Maximum hit points
     d = its delta
     e = its explosion value
     a = its attack value (maximum 6)
     s = its scouting value
     p = its starting position
     S = the current position of the Shuttle
     The Enemy must also state its name and map symbol. Failure to
     name any of the required information means the Threat is not
     created. The Enemy may not have more than two Threats with the
     exact same stats in play at the same time. The Enemy cannot deploy
     any Threats until at least one day has passed since the start of
the journey.

     If the Shuttle reaches the end of the journey and is warped,
     each player aboard the Shuttle is rewarded a capacitor. If the
     Shuttle is destroyed, the Enemy is rewarded a Leadership Token
     and can only initiate the next journey with three support
     (anyone else still only needs notice).
]]]

Enact a new rule:

[[[
     Buttons:

     The Shuttle holds many buttons that can be pushed, causing the
     Shuttle to take certain actions at the start of he next day.
     Every player can push one button in eir Station once per day,
     and each button can be pushed once per day unless otherwise
     stated.

     Charges, measuring energy, is a currency whose ownership is
     restricted to Stations. When the Shuttle sets out for a new
     journey, all Stations have 2 charges each. Some of the actions
     the Shuttle takes cost energy, denoted by a number of Charges in
     brackets after the name of the associated button. These Charges
     are taken from the Station holding that button if possible;
     otherwise, the action fails.

     The following buttons, with corresponding Charge cost and
     Shuttle action, exist:

     Lower Deck:

        Reload - Charges are transferred from the Engine Room until
        either the ER is empty or the LD has at most 4 Charges.

        Pulse Cannon (1) - Fires the Pulse cannon, causing 3 damage to
        any other object with a position within 2 AUs of the Shuttle's.

        Missile Launch - Dispatches a Missile In Space. Its stats are:
        Maximum hit points: 5
        Position: One less than that of the Shuttle
        Delta: -2
        Explosion value: 2
        If there is a Missile next to the Shuttle, dispatching another
        fails. If a Missile ever passes another object, it counts as
        having collided with that object.

     Engine Room:

        Reactor Recharge - Awards the Engine Room 3 Charges.

        More Speed (1) - Increases the Shuttle's delta by one (maximum
        5)

        Turbo (2) - Increases the Shuttle's position b 2.

        Zero-Point Handbrake (1) - Reduces the Shuttle's delta to 0.

     Bridge:

        Reload - Analogous to the Reload button on Lower Deck.

        Heavy Laser Cannon (1) - Causes 6 damage to the closest object
        with a position between 1 and 9 greater than that of the
        Shuttle. The player pushing this button may choose to push it
        harder, which increses the Charge cost by 1, the damage caused
        by 3, and causes the Shuttle to reduce its position by one.
        Doing this when it causes the ship to collide with anything is
        the class-1 crime of Hoisting One's Own Petard.

        Recording the Captain's Log (1) - Causes the Shuttle to activate
        the very fancy recording device for full hologram recording,
        which causes all other systems to go offline. The Shuttle can
        then not take any other actions until the end of the next day.
        During this time any other player can, with 2 support, initiate
        a mutiny which moves the pusher of the Captain's Log button to
        the Outside. If this does not happen, the player doing the
        recording may save it within one day for a cost of 2 ergs. A
        player who successfully performs this action twice within a
        single month satisfies the winning condition of Continuity.
]]]

Enact a new rule:

[[[
     Space Flight:

     At the start of each day, the following procedure is performed:

     i) The Shuttle performs the action associated with the buttons
        pushed
     during the previous day. These are performed in the order the
     button
     were pushed. Any collisions occur.

     ii) Each threat performs its attack. This does damage equal to
         its attack value to the closest
     object in the direction it faces, maximum range 8 AUs. Each
     threat then generates a
     number of Threat Points equal to its scouting ability value,
     which are
     awarded the Enemy.

     iii) If the day began a new week, each object is moved according
          to its delta. Any collisions occur.

     iv) Any Threats deployed ready for action enter play. If any
         such Threat has the same position as another object the
         Threat is instead placed on the first space farther away
         from the Shuttle that is available. If no such position
         exists, the Threat is destroyed.

     A collision occurs when two objects have the same position. The
     object with the least amount of remaining hit points is
     destroyed, but causes the other object damage equal to its
     explosion value times its remaining hit points prior to the
     collision. If both objects have the same amount of hit points,
     the one with the higher explosion value is destroyed. If they
     have the same explosion value, they cause 2 damage to each other
     and move backwards one AU.
]]]

Enact a new rule:

[[[
     The Ship Computor

     The Ship Computor is an office, and tracks of the following:
     - Station switches
     - The map of all objects In Space
     - Charges
     - Threat Points
     - The Difficulty of the current journey
     - The stats of the Shuttle and all Missiles

     The Enemy is an imposed office, and tracks all Threats and their
     respective stats.
]]]