ID: 6749
Title: Teams
Author: ais523
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2.0

Create a new power-1 rule, "Teams":
{{{
A Team is a sort of entity defined by the rules; creation and
destruction of Teams is secured. Each Team has a name, which if not
otherwise specified by a rule or proposal is initially "Team " followed
by the smallest positive integer that would cause the team to have a
unique name.

Allegiance is a player switch, tracked by the Referee, whose values are
"none" and all Teams, defaulting to "none". Players whose Allegiance is
"none" are said to be Independent; otherwise, players are said to be
"in" the team, and a "member" of the team, which their Allegiance is set
to. A Team is said to be "empty" if no players are in that team.

To "distribute" a set of Independent players among a set of empty Teams
is to randomly assign each of those players to a randomly selected Team
in that set, then repeatedly as long as one of those Teams has at least
two more members than another, change the assignment of a randomly
selected player from the  team with most players assigned to it
(choosing the first in alphabetical order if more than one team fits
this description) to the team with least players assigned to it (again
choosing the first in alphabetical order if more than one team fits the
description); once these assignments have been calculated, then
simultaneously flip each player's Allegiance to the team they were
assigned to. (In other words, calculation of which player is going to
which team can take positive time, but the final flipping of teams must
be simultaneous and instant.)

If there is ever simultaneously one or more empty Teams, and two or more
Independent players, then any player CAN by announcement, and the
Referee SHALL as soon as possible unless someone else does first,
distribute all Independent players among all empty teams.

If there is ever an Independent player, but no empty Teams, any player
CAN by announcement, and the Referee SHALL as soon as possible unless
someone else does first, flip that player's Allegiance to a random Team.
}}}

Create a new power-1 rule, "The Referee":
{{{
The Referee is an office, which does most of the tracking related to
Teams. Eir report includes a list of all Teams.
}}}

Create a new power-2 rule, "Fans":
{{{
Fans are a fixed asset, tracked by the Referee, whose ownership is
limited to Teams. Creation and destruction of Fans are secured with a
power threshold of 1.

Rules to the contrary notwithstanding, the Referee's requirement to
report a list of all instances of Fans and their owners need not
reflect changes since the last PSM's report.

Whenever a non-Independent player gains an erg, that player's Allegiance
gains a Fan. Whenever a Team owns at least 300 Fans, then that Team is
destroyed and two (empty) Teams are created, plus one extra Team if that
Team had exactly 3 members immediately before it was destroyed; this is
known as that team "being Promoted".

Upon a win announcement that there are no Independent players and a
player has an Allegiance different from all other player's Allegiances,
then all players with a unique Allegiance among all players satisfy the
Winning Condition of Applause. Cleanup procedure: All Teams are
destroyed and two (empty) Teams are created.
}}}

Create a new power-1 rule, "Team Tactics":
{{{
A player can change the name of a Team without 2 objections from members
of that team.

A player can flip the Allegiance of a chosen player (the target player)
to an arbitrary Team without 2 objections from members of the target
player's Allegiance, and without 2 objections from members of the
desired new value for the target player's Allegiance, unless the target
player's Allegiance is a team with no more than 2 members.
}}}

Create two (empty) Teams, one named City and one named United.

Unless at least one player published a message including the unquoted
text "I want a vote for Referee" during the voting period of an Agoran
Decision to adopt this proposal, make ais523 the Referee.