ID: 6764
Title: Website Fix
Author: coppro
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2.0

Enact a new rule entitled "Website Fixup" at power 2 with the following
text:
       During the Submission Period, any player CAN, by announcement,
       submit a Website Submission. A Website Submission is a document or
       collection of documents intended to replace the web page at
       http://agoranomic.org/. A player CAN by announcement withdraw a
       Website Submission (causing it to cease to be a
       Website Submission). Submitting a Website Submission causes any
       earlier Website Submission authored by the same player to be
       withdrawn.

       Website Submissions have ID numbers, to be assigned by the
       the Sysadmin. Rules to the contrary notwithstanding, the
       Sysadmin has no report and has II 0. The Sysadmin is an imposed
       office, its holder is coppro.

       If the Submission Period has not began, Taral CAN, by
       announcement, begin it, and e also CAN, by announcement, cause
       this Rule to repeal itself. If the Submission Period has not began
       and this Rule has been in the Ruleset for more than two weeks,
       any player CAN, by announcement, cause this Rule to repeal itself.

       Two weeks after the Submission Period begins, it ends. As soon as
       possible thereafter, the Sysadmin SHALL initiate an Agoran
       decision to pick the winning Website Sumbission; the options shall
       be each Website Submission and NO WINNER. Each active player is
       an eligible voter for this decision, as is Taral. Taral's voting
       limit is 3, every other voter's limit is 1. The text of each
       Website Submission is an essential parameter.

       When the Agoran decision is resolved, if a Website Submission was
       selected as the outcome, then its author is awarded two Leadership
       Tokens and Taral SHOULD update http://agoranomic.org/ to reflect
       the winning Website Submission. Regardless of the outcome, this
       rule then repeals itself.

[Taral gets special treatment because e maintains the website. Imposing
the office on myself will make sure I actually do the sysadminnery
rather than shrug it off by resigning.]