ID: 6777
Title: Ribbon Rewrite
Author: coppro
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1.0

Amend Rule 2199 to read as follows:

       While a player qualifies for a Ribbon, any person CAN, by
       announcement, award that player a Ribbon of that color, unless
       e already possesses one.

       When a player earns a Ribbon, e thereafter qualifies for that
       Ribbon until the opportunity expires, which occurs either when it
       is used or at the time limit, which defaults to one week. An
       opportunity is used when a player is awarded a Ribbon of that
       colour, e does not qualify for that Ribbon except through earned
       opportunities, and the opportunity is the one that will expire
       first. In case of a tie, only one of the opportunities tied for
       shortest duration is used.

       Ribbons are a class of fixed assets.  If winning is secured,
       then changes to Ribbon holdings are secured with the same power
       threshold.  Ownership of Ribbons is restricted to players.

       Each Ribbon has exactly one color.  Colors with different names
       are distinct, regardless of spectral proximity.  Each color of
       Ribbon is a currency.

       The Herald is the recordkeepor of Ribbons.

       When a player earns a Ribbon as outlined below, any person CAN
       once, in a timely manner (except for White Ribbons, which can be
       awarded at any time within a month after they are earned),
       create that Ribbon in the player's possession by announcement,
       unless the player already possesses the color of Ribbon e earned
       (earning a Ribbon more than once entitles the bearer to multiple
       Ribbon awards, though capitalizing on this may be difficult):

       (+R) When an interested proposal is adopted and changes at least
            one rule with Power >= 3, its proposer earns a Red Ribbon.

       (+O) When an interested proposal is adopted by voting with no
            valid votes AGAINST, its proposer earns an Orange Ribbon.

       (+G) At the end of each month, each player who held at least one
            office continuously during that month earns a Green Ribbon,
            unless e failed to perform an official duty within a time
            limit during that month.

       (+C) When a player deputises for an office, e earns a Cyan
            Ribbon.

       (+B) When a player assigns a judgement to a judicial question in
            an interested judicial case other than a question on
            sentencing, e earns a Blue Ribbon, unless e violated a
            requirement to submit that judgment within a time limit.

       (+K) When a player assigns a judgement to a judicial question in
            an interested judicial case on sentencing, e earns a Black
            Ribbon, unless e violated a requirement to submit that
            judgment within a time limit.

       (+W) A first-class player who has never owned a White Ribbon
            qualifies for one. Additionally, when a first-class person
            has been a player continuously for at least three months,
            was never a player before that period, and names another
            player as eir mentor (and has not named a mentor in this
            fashion before), the named player earns a White Ribbon.

       (+M) When, during Agora's birthday, a player publicly
            acknowledges the occasion, e earns a Magenta Ribbon.

       (+U) When a player is awarded the Patent Title Champion, e earns
            an Ultraviolet Ribbon.

       (+V) When a player is awarded a Patent Title, e earns a Violet
            Ribbon, unless e earns a different Ribbon for the award.

       (+I) When a player is awarded a degree, e earns an Indigo
            Ribbon.

       If this rule mentions at least six different specific colors for
       Ribbons, then upon a win announcement that one or more players
       each possess at least one Ribbon of each such color, all those
       players satisfy the Winning Condition of Renaissance.

       Cleanup procedure:  For each of those players, one Ribbon of
       each such color in eir possession is destroyed.

[The net effects are not huge, but enable the other proposals of this
batch. They also get rid of my dumb idea to put a time limit on White
Ribbon awards.]