ID: 6781
Title: Half-Assed Security Fix
Author: coppro
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3.0

Amend Rule 2125 (Regulation Regulations) by replacing
       c) The rules explicitly state that it CAN be performed while
          certain conditions are satisfied.  Such an action CANNOT be
          performed except as allowed by the rules.  In particular, if
          the action in question is publishing a type of document, then
          a public message is not that type of document (even if it is
          labeled as such) except as allowed by the rules.

       d) The rules explicitly state that it MAY be performed while
          certain conditions are satisfied.  Except as allowed by the
          rules, performing such an action is the Class-N Crime of
          Restricted Behavior, where N is the maximum power of the
          rules explicitly allowing it (rounded up as needed to become
          a valid Class of Crime).

       e) It would, as part of its effect, modify information for which
          some player is required to be a recordkeepor.  Such an action
          CANNOT modify that information except as allowed by the
          rules.

       f) A judicial finding has determined that it is regulated, and
          has not been superseded by subsequent legislation.
with
       c) A rule or rules explicitly state that it CAN be performed while
          certain conditions are satisfied.  Such an action CANNOT be
          performed by non-instruments except as allowed by the rules.
          When publishing a type of document is regulated in this
          manner, it does not make IMPOSSIBLE publishing of a similar
          document, only that no public document is that type of
          document unless allowed.

       d) The rules explicitly state that it MAY be performed while
          certain conditions are satisfied.  Except as allowed by the
          rules, a non-instrument performing such an action is a
          violation of the highest-power rule specifically allowing it,
          with ties broken in favor of the rule with the lowest ID
          number. When publishing a type of document is regulated in this
          manner, it does not prohibit publishing a similar document,
          only alleging that a public document is that type of document
          unless allowed.

       e) It would, as part of its effect, modify information for which
          some player is required to be a recordkeepor.  Such an action
          performed by a non-instrument CANNOT modify that information
          except as allowed by the rules.

       f) A judicial declaration has determined that it is regulated, and
          has not been superseded by subsequent legislation or a later
          judicial declaration.
[This means that proposals and other rules can, by default, perform
regulated actions. Rules still explicitly prohibiting things sill
prohibit them, in particular, they still cannot perform actions secured
at higher power or otherwise manipulate higher-power entities (unless,
of course, they have power 3 or greater).]