ID: 6791
Title: Contestification
Author: omd
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1.0

[Turn Space Alert into a contest, replacing the current utterly
useless farad award (and the Leadership Token for the Enemy) with a
currency that a smart player can accumulate, perhaps by buying other
players' credits for favors.  This might be difficut (albeit quite
interesting) to pull off, but I don't see any better way to reward
everyone on the ship, and it works within the framework of a contest.]

Amend Rule 2299 by replacing:

      If the Shuttle reaches the end of the journey and is warped,
      each player aboard the Shuttle is rewarded a farad. If the
      Shuttle is destroyed, the Enemy is rewarded a Leadership Token
      and can only initiate the next journey with three support
      (anyone else still only needs notice).

with:

      Credits are a currency whose recordkeepor is the contestmaster.
      If the Shuttle reaches the end of the journey and is warped,
      each player aboard the Shuttle is awarded a credit.  If the
      Shuttle is destroyed, the Enemy is awarded five credits and can
      only initiate the next journey with three support (anyone else
      still only needs notice).  A player CAN destroy ten credits in
      eir possession to win the contest.

Amend Rule 2300 by replacing "satisfies the Winning Condition of
Continuity" with "wins the contest".

Amend Rule 2302 by replacing:

      The Ship Computor is an office, and tracks of the following:

with:

      The contestmaster's weekly report contains the following:

and by deleting:

      The enemy is an imposed office; eir report includes information
      on all Threats and their respective stats.

Create a new contest whose contestmaster is the current holder of the
office of Ship Computor, whose instructions are the concatenated texts
of rules 2297, 2298, 2299, 2300, 2301, 2302 (in the given order), and
whose internal gamestate is identical, in all possible respects, to
the current state of the subgame of Space Alert as defined by those
rules.

Repeal rules 2297, 2298, 2299, 2300, 2301, and 2302.