ID: 6809
Title: OK Go
Author: omd
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3.0

[I've complained repeatedly about the length of time currently
required to adopt proposals, which can have a significant negative
effect on the game.  Since the current proposal volume really isn't
all that high (if it were, this would be too chaotic), I think that
BlogNomic-style immediate distribution is not only feasible, but a
significant improvement over what we have now, and not too much extra
work for the Assessor or voters.]

Amend Rule 106 (Adopting Proposals) to read:

      A proposal is a fixed body of text which has been made into a
      proposal using a process specifically described in the Rules.
      When creating proposals, the person who creates them SHOULD
      ensure that the proposal outlines changes to be made to Agora,
      such as enacting, repealing, or amending rules, or making other
      explicit changes to the gamestate. When a proposal that includes
      such explicit changes takes effect, it applies those changes to
      the gamestate. If the proposal cannot make some such changes,
      this does not preclude the other changes from taking place.

      A player CAN create and distribute a proposal by publishing
      ("submitting") a body of text and an associated title with a
      clear indication that it is intended to become a proposal.  This
      initiates the Agoran decision of whether to adopt the proposal,
      rules to the contrary notwithstanding.  The author (syn.
      proposer) of a proposal is the player who submitted it.  A
      player CAN remove (syn. retract, withdraw) a proposal e authored
      from the Proposal Pool by announcement.

      To avoid "spam scams", a proposal CANNOT be created except in a
      message with exactly one Subject header, which must contain with
      the exact text "[Proposal]" with no more than ten characters
      preceding it.

      A co-author of a proposal is a person (other than its author)
      unambiguously identified as such by its author when it was
      submitted.

      The adoption index of a proposal is an integral multiple of 0.1
      from 1.0 to 9.9.  It may be set by the proposer at the time of
      submission, and otherwise defaults to 1.0.

      Determining whether to adopt a proposal is an Agoran decision.
      The adoption index of this decision is set to the adoption index
      of the proposal at the initiation of the decision. Changing the
      adoption index of the decision is secured with a power threshold
      of 2.  The vote collector for this decision is the Assessor.

      If the option selected by Agora on this decision is ADOPTED,
      then the proposal is adopted, and unless other rules prevent it
      from taking effect, its power is set to the minimum of four and
      its adoption index, and then it takes effect.

      A proposal without an Agoran decision of whether to adopt it
      that has an outcome of ADOPTED does not take effect, rules to
      the contrary notwithstanding.

      Preventing a proposal from taking effect is a secured change;
      this does not apply to generally preventing changes to specified
      areas of the gamestate, nor to a proposal preventing itself from
      taking effect (its no-effect clause is generally interpreted as
      applying only to the rest of the proposal).

      Distributed proposals have ID numbers, to be assigned by the
      Assessor.

Create a new Power-3 Rule, titled "Self-Kills":

      The author of a proposal CAN self-kill a decision to adopt it by
      announcement within the first 24 hours of the decision's voting
      period.  This causes the set of available options to become
      empty, the voting period to end, and the decision to be
      resolved; rules to the contrary notwithstanding, the outcome is
      REJECTED.  Despite the existence of the self-kill, persons
      SHOULD only submit proposals when they are fully ready to be
      voted on.

Repeal Rule 2281 (Proposal Cleanup)

Repeal Rule 2250 (Officer's Proposals).

Repeal Rule 2267 (Judge's Proposals).

Amend Rule 2284 (Fee-based actions) by removing:

      - A player CAN make a proposal Distributable for a charge of 1
        erg.

      - A player CAN make a proposal Undistributable for a charge of 2
        ergs.

Repeal Rule 1607 (The Promotor).

Amend Rule 1769 (Holidays) by replacing "the Promotor SHALL NOT" with
"players SHALL NOT".

Amend Rule 2292 (Defragmentation Proposals) by removing "The
Promotor's report shall include the same information for each
D-Proposal in the report."

Amend Rule 2224 (Interest Index of Proposals) by removing "and CAN be
changed (while undistributed) by any player without 2 objections, or
by the Promotor or Assessor without 3 objections."

Amend Rule 2290 (Chamber and Title) by replacing:

      The Assessor tracks the Chamber of players and the Promotor
      tracks the Chamber of proposals.

with:

      The Assessor tracks the Chamber of players and proposals.

Amend Rule 1450 (Separation of Powers) by removing:

      Lest the entire proposal process fall under the control of a
      single entity, any change that would result in the holders of
      Promotor and Assessor being entangled is canceled and does not
      occur, rules to the contrary notwithstanding.