ID: 6821
Title: Relisting
Author: G.
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2.1

[mainly tuned up mechanics as per coppro's suggestions.  left Clout
in for future systems as suggested by ais523].

Create the following rule, The List of Succession, Power=2:

         The List of Succession is an ordered list of all current
         players except the current Speaker.  The first (1st) position
         is the "highest" ("top") position on the list and the last (Nth
         position, where N is the number of players on the list), is the
         "lowest" ("bottom") position.   The List of Succession is part
         of the Herald's weekly report, and is self-ratifying.

         When a person is moved up P places on the list,
         they are moved to be just above (immediately higher than) the
         person P places ahead of em on the list - if there are not P
         players higher than em, e is moved to the top of the list.
         When a person is moved down P places on the list,
         they are moved to be just below (immediately lower than) the
         person B places behind em on the list - if there are not B
         players lower than em, e is moved to the bottom of the list.
         Movement on the list is Secured.

         Any attempt to move an entity not on the list on the list fails.

         Whenever a player other than the Speaker is not on the list, or
         eir position on the list is found by judicial declaration to be
         unknown or ambiguous, e is added to the list below the
         lowest player whose position on the list is known.


Increase the power of Rule 402 (Identity of the Speaker) to 2.
Amend Rule 402 (Identity of the Speaker) to read:

         A Coronation (crowning) occurs when a player announces that a
         specified player other than the Speaker is crowned as Speaker,
         provided that the rules explicitly permit the announcing player
         (the crowner) to crown the specified player (the Speaker-to-be).

         When an Coronation occurs, the current Speaker is removed
         from office and placed on the bottom of the list of succession,
         and immediately thereafter the Speaker-to-be is removed from the
         list of succession and becomes the Speaker.

         If no player has been crowned in the previous 90 days, or the
         current Speaker is inactive or the office is vacant, than any
         player CAN crown the highest active player on the List of
         Succession.

         Destiny is a player switch tracked by the Herald with values
         Unmarked (default) and Marked.  When a player wins the game,
         e becomes Marked.  If no player has been crowned in the previous
         14 days, than any player CAN crown any single specified Marked
         player.  When a player is crowned, e becomes Unmarked.


Increase the power of Rule 103 (Role of the Speaker) to 2.
Amend Rule 103 (Role of the Speaker) to read:

       The Speaker is an imposed office and a figurehead of Agora. The
       Speaker is a person who has proven themselves to be worthy of
       the title, and for a time can direct Agoran government affairs.

       If e has not already done so this month, or if e hasn't done
       so since e gained office, the Speaker CAN Bestow Favors, by
       announcement.  An announcement Bestowing Favors is a list of
       other Players, one (different) name per Courtier position.
       The bestowing of favors has the effect of moving each named
       player to the indicated courtier position on the List of
       Succession, in the order they are listed in the announcement.


Amend Rule 2255 (Cards) by changing its title to "The Court"

Amend Rule 2255 to read:

       A rule with a power equal to or greater than this rule may
       associate a Position Name with a specific position on the List of
       Succession.  The player occupying a named position on the list
       is considered to be the holder of the names position and have
       the powers and duties described by the Rules for that position.
       The holder of a so-named position is a Member of the Court,
       (a Courtier).

       Additionally, a rule with a power equal to or greater than this
       rule may associate an integer Influence Level with a specific
       position or positions on the List of Succession.

       The following positions on the List of Succession are named, and
       have indicated Influence Levels.  All other positions on the
       list have an Influence Level of 2.

       First Position:  Kitchen Staff Supervisor
       Influence Level: 10
       Position:  The Kitchen Staff Supervisor supervises the kitchen
       staff.

       Second Position: Justiciar.
       Influence Level: 7
       Position: The Justiciar is granted particular abilities or
       privileges associated with the judicial process as described
       elsewhere in the Rules.

       Third Position: Grand Vizier
       Influence Level: 5
       Position: The Grand Vizier CAN, With Notice,
       perform any action that an officer both CAN and MAY (or SHALL)
       perform by virtue of holding that office.

       Fourth Position: Head Gardener.
       Influence Level: 5
       Position: the Head Gardener CAN rubberstamp or veto a specified
       decision by announcement.

       Fifth Position: Crown Prince
       Influence Level: 0
       Position:  The Crown Prince CAN begin a coup by
       announcing the ceremonial shelling of the palace, providing
       no coup has been resolved in the last 14 days.  The effects
       of the coup (if any) are as described elsewhere in the
       rules.


Amend Rule 2284 (Fee-based actions) by appending the following:
       - A player CAN move an indicated player an indicated number
         of positions P on the list in an indicated direction (up
         or down) for a charge equal to the sum of the Influence
         Levels of the positions over which that player would jump
         and the position the player is jumping to,
         as totaled prior to the jump.  If the indicated player is
         unable to be so moved due to eir position on the list, but
         can be moved at least one position in the indicated
         direction, e is moved the maximum amount possible and charged
         the appropriate partial fee.  If this final fee CANNOT be
         paid in full, the entire action fails.


Repeal Rule 2275 (Government)

Amend Rule 2177 (The Senate) by replacing the word "Government" with
"Court" and by replacing "Minsters" with "Courtiers".

[Voting Power revamp to make the whole list worthwhile.  Note that
Prop 6759 tried to do this and failed due to power]

Repeal Rule 2290 (Chamber and Title).

Amend Rule 2284 by removing
        - A player CAN change the chamber of an ongoing ordinary
          decision for a charge of 2 ergs.

Amend Rule 2279 by replacing the first bullet with:
            (1) Take the Influence Level associated with the player's
                position on the list of succession, or 5 if the player
                is the Speaker.

Repeal Rule 2274 (Chicken Coups)
Repeal Rule 2269 (Couple Coups)
Amend Rule 2270 (Coups D'etat) to read:

       When a player begins a Coup D'etat (a coup) as explicitly
       permitted by the Rules, the following events take place in
       order:

       (a) For a period of 4 days following the coup initiation,
       any player except the Speaker CAN announce themselves to
       be a Rebel.  Once announced, this cannot be retracted.
       The initiator of the coup is automatically a Rebel.

       (b) As soon as possible after this 4-day period ends, the
       Herald SHALL select and announce a random integer between 1
       and the number of players in the game.  If this number is
       equal to or less than the number of declared rebels, than
       the rebellion succeeds, otherwise it fails.  The announcement
       of this number resolves the coup with the following effects:

         (i) If the rebellion fails, one Rest is created in the
             possession of every Rebel, and one additional Rest is
             created in the possession of the coup initiator, and
             a Leadership Token is created in the possession of the
             Speaker.

        (ii) If the coup succeeds, all Rebels have all of their Rests
             destroyed.  The coup initiator becomes the Speaker,
             and the other Rebels are moved to the first R positions in
             the List of Succession, placed on the list in the order in
             which they declared themselves to be rebels (first
             position in the list going to the first rebel, etc).
             Rules to the contrary Notwithstanding, the new Speaker
             CANNOT Bestow Favors until 30 days after so becoming
             Speaker.


Create the following Rule, Leader Bootstrap, power-2.1:

       As soon as possible after this proposal takes effect, the
       Herald SHALL publish a randomly-ordered list of all
       players except the Speaker; this list becomes the List of
       Succession.

       Any player CAN, by announcement, cause a player who won the
       game in the six months prior to this rule taking effect, and
       who has never been marked before, to become marked.  The
       Herald SHOULD take the lead in marking all such winners of
       whom e is aware.

       After this Rule has been in effect for 30 days, the Herald
       CAN and SHALL, asap, cause it to repeal itself With Notice.