ID: 6847
Title: "Team balancing"
Author: Keba
Co-authors: ais523
Adoption index: 2.0

Create a new power=2 Rule entitled "Team Balancers":

     To create a Team Balancer means to create a new second-class
     Player entitled "Team Balancer " followed by the smallest
     positive integer that would cause the player to have a unique
     name, which means there has never existed a player with that
     name. Such a player is known as a Team Balancer then and this
     integer is known as a Team Balancer's ID.

     To create a Team Balancer for a certain team or Allegiance means
     to create a Team Balancer and flip eir Allegiance to that team
     or Allegiance.

     The Referee SHOULD announce such a creation as soon as possible.
     Creating a Team Balancer is secured.

     If the distribution of a set of Independent players among a set
     of empty Teams causes these teams to have different high amounts
     of members because this set contained an odd number of players,
     then a Team Balancer is created for each of those teams with a
     lower amount of players. This is repeated until all of those
     teams consist of an equal high amount of players.

     If a (former) player ceases to be a member of a team, because e
     ceases to be a player, one Team Balancer is created for the
     player's former Allegiance.

     If a player becomes a member of a team, because e registered and
     that team contained one or more Team Balancers, the Team
     Balancer who is a member of that team with the highest ID ceases
     to be a member of that team, a Team Balancer and a player at
     all.

Amend Rule 2305 "Fans" by replacing

     Whenever a non-Independent player gains an erg, that player's
     Allegiance gains a Fan.

with:

     Whenever a non-Independent player gains an erg, that player's
     Allegiance gains a Fan. At the beginning of each week, each Team
     Balancer's Allegiance gains 6 ergs.

Amend this rule by adding to its last paragraph:

     Additionally, all Team Balancers cease to be Team Balancers and
     players at all.