ID: 6860
Title: A Perpetuum mobile is possible
Author: Keba
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2.0

Enact a new Rule with power=2 entitled "Perpetuum mobile":

        The Perpetuum mobile (PM) is a person and active player.

        The physicist is an office and tracks most information related
        to the PM.

        Powering the PM means awarding the PM two ergs. If the PM does
        not possess any ergs and has not possessed any ergs in the
        previous 14 days, the physicist CAN power the PM five times by
        announcement. E SHALL do so in a timely fashion. The Lab Labour
        who powered the PM most in a week is known as the Power Spender
        for that week.

        Any Lab Labour except the PM may act on behalf of the PM by
        announcement, if a Rule explicitly defines a Behalf of the PM
        action (bot-PM act). Defining a bot-PM act is secured. The
        player who acts on behalf of the PM (syn. performs a bot-PM
        action) is known as the Energy Spender of that bot-PM act.

        The physicist's weekly report contains how often and by whom the
        PM has been powered, who is the Energy Spender and a list of all
        bot-PM actions of the previous seven days.

        If a bot-PM act explicitly states the Energy Spender has to pay
        a fee to perform that action, the PM pays an equal high fee (and
        possibly an additional fee, if required) before the action is
        performed. If the PM is not able to pay such a fee, the bot-PM
        act is wholly without effect (and so not performed at all).

If no rule (especially Rule 101) gives a second-class player the right
to deregister, amend the first paragraph of the Rule entitled "Perpetuum
mobile" by adding:

        The PM cannot be deregistered or become inactive, rules to the
        contrary notwithstanding.

Enact a new Rule with power=2 entitled "Behalf of the PM actions":

        The basis of the PM consists of all players who performed a
        bot-PM act in the previous seven days and the Physicist.

        If a bot-PM act directly causes (or was most important for) the
        PM to earn or award one or more capacitors, Patent Titles or
        Ribbons these entities are additionally earned or awarded by the
        Energy spender of that bot-PM-act.

        If a bot-PM act directly causes (or was most important for) the
        PM to earn one or more farads, the Energy Spender of that bot-PM
        act is awarded an equal number of farads instead.

        If one or more rests would be created in the possession of the
        PM or the members of the PM's basis, an equal number of rests is
        created in the treasonous Energy Spender's possession instead.
        The treasonous Energy Spender is the Energy Spender whose bot-PM
        act has been most important for the creation of said rest(s),
        which means (for example) that bot-PM act has violated a Rule or
        was decisive to cause the PM to hold an office and the PM fails
        to pull a duty of that office.

        Upon a win announcement that a bot-PM act performed by a player
        directly caused the PM to win the game, this player satisfies
        the Winning Condition of Thermodynamics.

	Cleanup procedure: This player CANNOT satisfy the condition
	again for the same bot-PM act.

        The following are bot-PM acts: A Lab Labour CAN on behalf of the
        PM ...

              * ... cause any player to become a Lab Labour for the
                following week for a charge of 2 ergs or for a charge of
                1 erg if e is the Power Spender.

              * ... perform a fee-based action for a charge of one erg,
                if the PM is permitted to perform this action. (So, if a
                fee-based action requires a charge of N ergs, the Energy
                Spender spends one erg and the PM spends N+1 ergs.) If
                performing this action would cause any player to lose
                one or more rests or to be moved on the list of
                succession or to increase a player's voting limit, it is
                ineffective instead.

              * ... announce a set of public announcements for a charge
                of one erg, if doing so would not require the PM to
                spend any fee.

              * ... steal the vote of the PM on a ordinary decision
                whether to adopt a proposal for a charge of 2+i (or i,
                if e is the Power- Spender) ergs where i is the Interest
                Index of the decision. This means the voting limit of
                the Energy Spender is increased by twice the voting
                limit the PM would have on said decision if it were an
                eligible voter. If a player has performed this action,
                another player CAN NOT perform this bot-PM act for the
                same decision.


Amend Rule 2282 "Energy" by replacing the text

        For each capacitor destroyed in item (a), an erg is awarded to
        its former owner.

with:

        For each capacitor destroyed in item (a), an erg is awarded to
        its former owner and for each erg destroyed in item (a), it's
        former owner becomes a Lab Labour for this week and e powers the
        PM once.


Amend Rule 2284 "Fee-based actions" by adding:

        - A Player CAN become a Lab Labour for the following seven days
        for a charge of two ergs.

        - A Player CAN cause a Lab Labour to cease to be a Lab Labour
        for a charge of three ergs.

        - A Player CAN power the PM for a charge of one erg.

[What does this do? Well, imagine what could be done with a player who
possesses lots of ergs and is controllable by a few ergs. To give some
examples: The fan/team mechanism becomes much more interesting, "voting"
via the PM is nice, any fee-based action (with a few exceptions) can be
performed for a charge of one erg, objections and supports can be
"bought" for a low fee etc.]