ID: 6865
Title: List Fixes
Author: G.
Co-authors: coppro
Adoption index: 2.0

Amend Rule 2284 (Fee-based actions) by replacing:

      - A player CAN move an indicated player an indicated number of
        positions P on the list in an indicated direction (up or down)
        for a charge equal to the sum of the Influence Levels of the
        positions over which that player would jump and the position
        the player is jumping to, as totaled prior to the jump.  If
        the indicated player is unable to be so moved due to eir
        position on the list, but can be moved at least one position
        in the indicated direction, e is moved the maximum amount
        possible and charged the appropriate partial fee.  If this
        final fee CANNOT be paid in full, the entire action fails.

with:

      - A player CAN move an indicated player an indicated number of
        positions P on the list in an indicated direction (up or down)
        for a charge equal to one half (rounded down) of the sum of
        the Influence Levels of all the positions between the indicated
        player's starting and ending positions, inclusive.

[i.e. symmetric costs with the even a move to Crown Prince having a cost]

Amend Rule 2255 (The Court) by replacing:

      Position: The Grand Vizier CAN, With Notice, perform any action
      that an officer both CAN and MAY (or SHALL) perform by virtue of
      holding that office.

with:

      Position: The Grand Vizier CAN perform any action that an officer
      both CAN and MAY (or SHALL) perform by virtue of holding that
      office as follows:
      (a)  If the rules specify that the officer CAN perform the
      action in question by announcement, then the Grand Vizier CAN
      perform that action With Notice, indicating also that e is
      acting as Vizier;
      (b) If the rules specify a dependent action method for the
      officer performing the action, then the Grand Vizier CAN perform
      the action using the same dependent action method with notice,
      indicating also that e is acting as Vizier.


Amend Rule 2314 (The List of Succession) by replacing:

      Whenever a player other than the Speaker is not on the list, or
      eir position on the list is found by judicial declaration to be
      unknown or ambiguous, e is added to the list below the lowest
      player whose position on the list is known.

with:

      Whenever a player other than the Speaker is not on the list, e
      is added to the list below the lowest player whose position on
      the list is known.  Upon a judicial finding that a player
      (other than the Speaker) has a position on the list that is
      unknown or ambiguous, the judge SHALL issue a judicial
      declaration to this effect, which has the effect of placing
      the player on the list below the lowest player whose position
      on the list is known.