ID: 6868
Title: Refactor contracts
Author: omd
Co-authors: Murphy, ais523
Adoption index: 2.0

Amend Rule 1742 (Contracts) by replacing this text:

      Parties to a contract SHALL act in accordance with that
      contract.  This obligation is not impaired by contradiction
      between the contract and any other contract, or between the
      contract and the rules.

      As it is manifestly unjust to bring criminal punishment into a
      manner of equity, if a player is found GUILTY of violating this
      Rule by failing to act in accordance with a contract that has
      never been a partnership, the only appropriate sentence is
      DISCHARGE, unless said failure is with respect to a
      previously-imposed Equity judgement.

with this text:

      Parties to a contract SHALL act in accordance with that
      contract.  This obligation is not impaired by contradiction
      between the contract and any other contract, or between the
      contract and the rules.  However, if a player is found GUILTY
      of violating this rule by failing to act in accordance with
      an Equitable contract, then the only appropriate sentence is
      DISCHARGE, unless the failure pertains to a previously-imposed
      equity judgement.

Change the title of Rule 2178 (Public Contracts) to "Contract
Switches", and amend it to read:

      Disclosure is a contract switch with values Private (default)
      and Public.  Rules to the contrary notwithstanding:

        a) A contract's Disclosure CANNOT be flipped to Public unless
           its text and list of parties are simultaneously published.

        b) A contract's Disclosure CANNOT be flipped away from Public.

        c) Changes to a public contract's text and/or list of parties
           do not become effective until published.

      Sentiment is a contract switch with values Equitable (default)
      and Legalistic.  Rules to the contrary notwithstanding, a
      contract's Sentiment CANNOT be flipped away from Legalistic.

Flip the Sentiment of each partnership person to Legalistic.

Amend Rule 2145 (Partnerships) by replacing this text:

      A partnership that is a public contract and whose basis contains
      at least two persons is a person.

with this text:

      A public Legalistic partnership whose basis contains at least
      two persons is a person, and SHALL act as specified by itself.

Amend Rule 2197 (Defining Contract Changes) to read:

      The following are Contract Changes:

        a) Becoming party to a contract.
        b) Ceasing to be a party to a contract.
        c) Amending a contract.
        d) Terminating a contract.
        e) Flipping a contract switch.

Amend Rule 2198 (Making Contract Changes) to read:

      Contract Changes CAN be performed as follows:

        a) By agreement between all parties, if the contract's minimum
           number of parties is at least two.

        b) By a party without objection (any other party CAN object),
           if the contract's minimum number of parties is less than two.

        c) Using a mechanism specified by the contract.

        d) By the contract by announcement, if it is a person.

      If a contract does not purport to regulate becoming a party to it,
      then any person CAN become a party to it by announcement.

      If a contract states that one or more of its switches have certain
      values, then they do.

      The rest of this rule notwithstanding, if the nature and/or
      permissibility of a Contract Changes is ambiguous, then it has no
      effect.

      Contract changes are secured.

Amend Rule 2136 (Contests) to read:

      Contestmaster is a public contract switch, tracked by the
      Scorekeepor, with values 'none' (default) and all first-class
      parties to that contract.  A contest is a public contract whose
      contestmaster is not 'none'.

      A contract's contestmaster CAN be flipped by any player without 3
      objections, or as specified by the contract.  Rules to the
      contrary notwithstanding, it CANNOT be flipped in any other way,
      and CANNOT be flipped to a given player if any of the following
      are true:

        a) The player has not explicitly consented to be contestmaster
           of that contest.  (Intent to flip a contract's contestmaster
           to oneself constitutes explicit consent to be contestmaster
           of that contest.)

        b) A member of that player's basis has already become a
           contestmaster within the past seven days.