ID: 6873
Title: Auctions
Author: G.
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1.0

[Fearmongor note:  I think this actually still nearly works, sorta]

Enact the following Rule, "Auctions and the Default Auction Procedure":

      When an Auction is to be held and the procedure is not
      specified, the Auctioneer may select a rules-defined Auction
      Procedure. If e does not specify which procedure is to be used,
      the Default Auction Procedure shall be used.

      The Default Auction Procedure is as follows:

      (a) Auctioneer: the Auctioneer is the Player who initiates the
          Auction, and is responsible for collecting bids and
          announcing the result of the Auction. If the Rules require
          (or permit) an Auction to be initiated, but do not specify
          which Player shall initiate it, then the Speaker shall (or
          may) initiate it.

      (b) Bidders: every active Player may bid in an Auction;
          non-active Players may not bid. Activity is measured at the
          time a Player sends eir bid.

      (c) Auction Currency: each Auction is conducted in one
          particular currency. The Rule providing for a particular
          Auction must specify the currency to be used, or the Auction
          cannot take place.

      (d) Number of lots: each Auction is conducted for 1 or more
          identical lots of identical items, which must all be owned
          by the same entity. Throughout this Rule, N indicates the
          number of lots up for bid in the Auction.

      (e) Start of Auction: the Auction begins when the first
          announcement that an Auction has begun is made by a Player
          authorized to initiate the Auction. The announcement must
          contain:
          (1) the identity of the Auctioneer;
          (2) the Auction Currency;
          (3) the number of items being Auctioned; and
          (4) the value of the Starting Bid.

      (f) Errors in initiating Auctions: if one of the required
          elements is missing from the announcement initiating the
          Auction, or is incorrect, then the Auctioneer may let the
          Auction stand Without 2 Objections. If the Auction stands,
          then the announcement initiating the Auction is deemed to
          have been legal and correct for the purposes of the
          Rules. If the Auction does not stand, it is deemed not to
          have occurred.

      (g) Starting Bid: the Starting Bid is the minimum possible value
          of a bid. If not otherwise specified, the Starting Bid is
          equal to the MUQ of the Auction Currency.

      (h) Bidding: a bid is a public message from a bidder identifying
          the Auction e is bidding in, and specifying the amount of
          eir bid. Each bidder may make as many bids as e likes during
          the Auction.  A bid is only valid if it satisfies the
          following conditions:
          (1) it is made after the start of the Auction, and before
              its end;
          (2) the amount of the bid is a multiple of the MUQ of the
              Auction Currency; and
          (3) the amount of the bid is no less than the Starting Bid.

      (i) Cancelling bids: a bidder may cancel eir bid while the
          Auction is in progress by publically identifying the bid to
          be cancelled.

      (j) End of Auction: the Auction ends if any of the following
          occur:
          (1) one week has passed from the start of the Auction, and
              no bids have been made; or
          (2) a bid has been made in the Auction, and 72 hours have
              passed without there being a change in the N highest
              bids in the Auction; or
          (3) 14 days have passed since the Auction began.

      (k) Winning bids: when the Auction ends, the winning bids are
          the N largest uncancelled valid bids in the Auction (or all
          valid uncancelled Bids, if there were less than N valid
          uncancelled bids). Ties shall be broken in favor of earlier-
          submitted bids. If there were no bids in the Auction, then
          the Auction has no winner.

      (l) Final Auction Price: the Final Auction Price is either:
          (1) the amount of the Nth highest bid, if there were N or
              more valid uncancelled bids in the auction; or
          (2) the Starting Bid, if there were greater than zero but
              fewer than N valid uncancelled bids.

      (m) Billing for winning bids: as soon as possible after the end
          of the Auction, the Auctioneer shall announce the winning
          bids and issue to each winning bidder a separate bill for
          each of eir winning bids.

      (n) Defaulting: a winning bidder has a week from the time e is
          billed by the Auctioneer for a winning bid e made to satisfy
          the debt arising from that bid. If e does not do so, e
          commits the Class 2 Infraction of Defaulting (reportable by
          the Auctioneer), and thereafter loses eir right to purchase
          the Auctioned item by paying the debt arising from that
          bid. As soon as possible after a winning bidder defaults on
          a bid, the Auctioneer shall Order the owner of the items
          being Auctioned to forgive the unsatisfied debt arising from
          the bid.

      (o) Unless specified otherwise, the owner of the Auctioned items
          shall incur a debt of one Auctioned lot of items to the
          winning bidder when the bill for that lot is paid.