ID: 6901
Title: muk
Author: omd
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1.0

Amend Rule 2166 by appending to the final paragraph:

      The Minimum Unit Quantity (MUQ) of each currency is one.

Amend Rule 2320 by:

- in item (b), replacing "every active Player may bid" with "every
active Player, other than the Seller, may bid"

- in item (d), replacing "identical items" with "identical assets"

- in item (e), replacing:
          (1) the identity of the Auctioneer;
          (2) the Auction Currency;
          (3) the number of items being Auctioned; and
          (4) the value of the Starting Bid.
with:
          (1) the identity of the Auctioneer;
          (2) the identity of the Seller;
          (3) the Auction Currency;
          (4) the number of lots and the assets in each lot; and
          (5) the value of the Starting Bid.

- in item (m), replacing:
      and issue to each winning bidder a separate bill for each of
      eir winning bids.
with:
      ; when e does so, the winning bidder incurs a debt (the bill)
      for each of eir winning bids to the Seller, unless this has
      already occurred for that Auction.

- in item (n), replacing:
      If e does not do so, e commits the Class 2 Infraction of
      Defaulting (reportable by the Auctioneer), and thereafter loses
      eir right to purchase the Auctioned item by paying the debt
      arising from that bid.  As soon as possible after a winning
      bidder defaults on a bid, the Auctioneer shall Order the owner
      of the items being Auctioned to forgive the unsatisfied debt
      arising from the bid.
with:
      If e does not do so, e loses eir right to purchase the Auctioned
      item by paying that debt.

- in item (o), replacing "owner of the Auctioned items" with "Seller",
and "lot of items" with "lot of assets"

- appending the following paragraph:

      When an entity (the debtor) incurs a debt for something to
      another entity (the creditor), e SHALL transfer it to that
      entity as soon as possible, unless the debt has been forgiven;
      failure to do so is the Class-3 Crime of Defaulting.  The
      creditor of a debt CAN forgive it by announcement.


Create a new Rule titled "Fee-based auctions", with the text:

      A person CAN hold an auction with emself as Seller using the
      Default Auction Procedure, specifying the Auction Currency, the
      Starting Bid, and the number of lots and the assets in each lot,
      for a fee of 3 ergs.

[E can still hold an auction for someone else's assets, but the
obligation to transfer that asset to the winning bidder now falls on
emself.]