ID: 6919
Title: This gets on my nerves
Author: omd
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3.0

Amend Rule 2152 by appending the following text to the first paragraph:

      Where an action is expressed using the passive voice, these
      terms apply to the semantic rather than grammatical action.

Amend Rule 2170 by replacing:

      the judge SHALL as soon as possible publish a judicial
      declaration that the Sock Puppet was a person during one or more
      time periods, and SHOULD ensure that it corresponds to general
      belief prior to that finding.

with:

      the judge SHALL as soon as possible publish a judicial
      declaration that the Sock Puppet was a person during one or more
      time periods, which SHOULD correspond to general belief prior to
      that finding.

Amend Rule 2153 by replacing:

      When altering an entity's interest index, a person SHOULD try to
      pick a new value which reflects the complexity of that entity.

with:

      An entity's interest index SHOULD be proportional to its
      complexity.

Amend Rule 2205 by replacing:

      When submitting arguments and/or evidence, a player SHOULD
      classify matters of legal interpretation as arguments, and
      matters of fact as evidence.

with:

      Matters of legal interpretation SHOULD be classified as
      arguments; matters of fact SHOULD be classified as evidence.

Amend Rule 2231 by replacing:

      Players SHOULD NOT cause heroic titles to be revoked.

with:

      Heroic titles SHOULD NOT be revoked.

Amend Rule 106 by replacing:

      When creating proposals, the person who creates them SHOULD
      ensure that the proposal outlines changes to be made to Agora,

with:

      The functional part of a proposal outlines changes to be made to
      Agora,

Amend Rule 1504 by replacing:

      Players SHOULD NOT create rules defining Crimes of a Class
      greater than 14.

with:

      Crimes SHOULD NOT be created with a class greater than 14.

Amend Rule 591 by replacing:

      Players SHOULD take the judgement of the question in an inquiry
      case, and the reasoning by which it was reached, into account

with:

      Persons SHOULD take the judgement of the question in an inquiry
      case, and the reasoning by which it was reached, into account

[this one does work better in the active voice, but should not be
restricted to players]