ID: 6969
Title: Broken arrows
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3.0

Amend Rule 2154 (Election Procedure) by replacing numbered sections
1 and 2 with this text:

       1) The valid options are the active players (hereafter the
          candidates) who, during the election,

            a) received and accepted a nomination for the office
               before the decision was initiated (self-nomination
               constitutes acceptance), and

            b) did not decline a nomination for the office.

          The set of candidates can change after the decision is
          initiated.

       2) The eligible voters are the active first-class players.

[The Senate and the Emergency Procedure have been repealed.]

Amend Rule 911 (Appeal Cases) by replacing this text:

      If the time period ends with no majority judgement, then:

      - if the Justiciar has published an opinion on the case
        clearly marked as the Justiciar's Opinion and indicating a
        valid judgement, and that judgement is the same as one given
        by at least one panel member (other than the Justiciar), then
        the panel delivers that judgement;

      - otherwise, the case enters an overtime period, which
        lasts for four days.  The CotC SHOULD publicly remind the
        Justiciar when an overtime period begins.  During this period,
        if the Justiciar publishes a Justiciar's Opinion that is the
        same as one panel member's as described above, then the panel
        delivers that judgement;

      - otherwise, the CotC CAN and SHALL, asap after the overtime
        period ends, act for the panel by announcement to judgement of
        either REMAND or REMIT with or without prejudice, whichever e
        feels is most appropriate.

with this text:

      If the time period ends with no majority judgement, then the
      CotC CAN, and SHALL as soon as possible, by announcement cause
      the panel to judge either REMAND or REMIT with or without
      prejudice, whichever e feels is most appropriate.

[The Justiciar and Separation of Powers have been repealed.]

Amend Rule 2230 (Notices of Violation) by replacing this text:

      A player CAN publish a Notice of Violation (NoV) for a fee of N
      ergs, where N is the one half of the number of valid NoVs e
      previously published during the same week, rounded down.

with this text:

      A player CAN publish a Notice of Violation (NoV) with N support,
      where N is half the number of valid NoVs e previously published
      during the same week, rounded down.

[Fees and ergs have been repealed.]

Amend Rule 2288 (Induction) by appending this text:

      If a player CAN perform an action with 0 support, then e CAN
      perform it by announcement.

[Generalizes the NoV case where N = 0.]