ID: 6970
Title: Little Dutch Boy
Author: Murphy
Co-authors: omd
Adoption index: 3.0

Amend Rule 1728 (Dependent Actions) by replacing this text:

       1) Without N Objections, where N is a positive integer no
          greater than 8.
       2) With N Supporters, where N is a positive integer.

with this text:

       1) Without N Objections, where N is a positive integer no
          greater than 8.  ("Without Objection" is shorthand for
          this method with N = 1.)
       2) With N Supporters, where N is a positive integer.  ("With
          Support" is shorthand for this method with N = 1.)

Amend Rule 1586 (Definition and Continuity of Entities) to read:

      If multiple rules attempt to define an entity with the same
      name, then they refer to the same entity.  A rule-defined
      entity's name CANNOT be changed to be the same as another
      rule-defined entity's name.

      A rule referring to an entity by name refers to the entity
      that had that name when the rule first came to include that
      reference, even if the entity's name has since changed.

      If the rules are amended such that they no longer define an
      entity, then that entity and its attributes cease to exist.

      If the rules are amended such that they define an entity both
      before and after the amendment, but with different attributes,
      then that entity and its attributes continue to exist to
      whatever extent is possible under the new definitions.

Upon the adoption of this proposal, all voting periods that began
more than fourteen days ago and are still in progress end.

Amend Rule 107 (Initiating Agoran Decisions) by appending this text:

      The voting period for a decision cannot be longer than fourteen
      days.

Amend Rule 754 (Definition Definitions) by replacing this text:

      (2) A term explicitly defined by the Rules by default has that
          meaning when used in any Rule of equal or lesser power, as
          do its ordinary-language synonyms not explicitly defined by
          the rules.

with this text:

      (2) A term explicitly defined by the Rules, along with its
          ordinary-language synonym not explicitly defined by the
          rules, by default has that meaning when used in any Rule of
          equal or lesser power, as well as any Rule of greater power
          that is clearly intended to comply with that meaning.

Amend Rule 2153 (Interest Index) by replacing this text:

      An entity's interest index is an integer from 0 to 3, default
      value 1.

with this text:

      Interest index is a switch, possessed by certain types of entities
      as specified by other rules, whose possible values are the
      integers from 0 to 3, and whose default value is 1.