ID: 6986
Title: Gimme Something To Shoot At
Author: Tanner L. Swett
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1.0

Enact the following power-1 rule, titled "Ribbons":

{      While a player qualifies for a Ribbon, any person CAN, by
      announcement, award that player a Ribbon of that color, unless e
      already possesses one.

      When a player earns a Ribbon, e thereafter qualifies for that
      Ribbon until the opportunity expires, which occurs either when
      it is used or at the time limit, which defaults to one week. An
      opportunity is used when a player is awarded a Ribbon of that
      colour, e does not qualify for that Ribbon except through earned
      opportunities, and the opportunity is the one that will expire
      first. In case of a tie, only one of the opportunities tied for
      shortest duration is used.

      Ribbons are a class of fixed assets.  If winning is secured,
      then changes to Ribbon holdings are secured with the same power
      threshold.  Ownership of Ribbons is restricted to players.

      Each Ribbon has exactly one color.  Colors with different names
      are distinct, regardless of spectral proximity.  Each color of
      Ribbon is a currency.

      A Ribbon may only be of a color mentioned in this rule; if a
      Ribbon somehow has any other color, it is destroyed.

      The Herald is the recordkeepor of Ribbons.

      (+R) When an interested proposal is adopted and changes at least
           one rule with Power >=3D 3, its proposer earns a Red Ribbon.

      (+O) When an interested proposal is adopted by voting with no
           valid votes AGAINST, its proposer earns an Orange Ribbon.

      (+G) At the end of each month, each player who held at least one
           office continuously during that month earns a Green Ribbon,
           unless e failed to perform an official duty within a time
           limit during that month.

      (+C) When a player deputises for an office, e earns a Cyan
           Ribbon.

      (+B) When a player assigns a judgement to a judicial question in
           an interested judicial case other than a question on
           sentencing, e earns a Blue Ribbon, unless e violated a
           requirement to submit that judgment within a time limit.

      (+K) When a player assigns a judgement to a judicial question in
           an interested judicial case on sentencing, e earns a Black
           Ribbon, unless e violated a requirement to submit that
           judgment within a time limit.

      (+M) When, during Agora's birthday, a player publicly
           acknowledges the occasion, e earns a Magenta Ribbon.

      (+U) When a player is awarded the Patent Title Champion, e earns
           an Ultraviolet Ribbon.

      (+V) When a player is awarded a Patent Title, e earns a Violet
           Ribbon, unless e earns a different Ribbon for the award.

      (+I) When a player is awarded a degree, e earns an Indigo
           Ribbon.

      (+P) The Speaker qualifies for a Platinum Ribbon.

      (+Y) Each player with 15 or more ergs qualifies for a Yellow
           Ribbon.

      (+S) The Enemy qualifies for a Silver Ribbon.

      (+L) A player qualifies for a Lime Ribbon, if e was the
           co-author of at least three Proposals adopted in the
           previous week.

      If this rule mentions at least six different specific colors for
      Ribbons, then upon a win announcement that one or more players
      each possess at least one Ribbon of each such color, all those
      players satisfy the Winning Condition of Renaissance.

      Cleanup procedure:  For each of those players, one Ribbon of
      each such color in eir possession is destroyed.}

If there is a rule titled "Dragons", then enact the following power-1
rule, titled "Transmutation":

{If a player owns a Ribbon of a color X, then e CAN, by announcement,
cause all of their Gray Dragons to have the color X instead.}