ID: 6991
Title: Hey, I was using that
Author: omd
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1.0

[For Mafia, which was in the intent countdown when the contest rule
was repealed.  I don't know whether anyone was actually interested in
that, but if so, the contest rule was already pretty nice and
simple...]

Create a new Power-1 Rule entitled "Contests":

      A player CAN make a non-contest document into a contest without
      3 objections; he then becomes that contest's contestmaster.  The
      document should contain a list of instructions for the players
      of Agora to play a type of subgame, which should be fair and
      generally allow all players to join and participate on an equal
      footing.  Anyone CAN cause a contest to cease to be a contest
      with notice and with 3 support.

      The contest's instructions should include conditions under which
      persons "win the contest".  Upon an announcement by the
      contestmaster that one or more persons satisfy those conditions,
      all those persons win the game of Agora.  (This does not end the
      game.)  Intentionally making a false such announcement is the
      Class-4 Crime of Gaming the System.

      The contestmaster's weekly report contains all matters defined
      by the instructions to be part of eir weekly report, as well as
      the instructions.

      The contestmaster is, prima facie, the adjudicator of contest
      instructions and disputes.  Disputes should in general, be
      resolved with the spirit of the instructions in mind.  For the
      purpose of determining the internal gamestate of a contest
      (including whether its contestmaster falsely announced that
      persons won the contest), its instructions are generally
      interpreted in the same manner as a rule, but the reasonable
      opinion of the contestmaster takes precedence.  The
      contestmaster CAN change the instructions, or any internal
      gamestate defined by them, without 3 objections, but SHOULD only
      do so to improve gameplay or resolve disputes within the spirit
      of the original contest.  E can also appoint a new contestmaster
      without objection.

      An entity is bound by a contest if and only if it is its
      contestmaster.