ID: 7000
Title: Souls
Author: omd
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3.0

[Give them something to do: first-class players can give (or sell)
their Souls to second-class ones to delegate their votes.  Tracking is
stuck on the Assessor because past coordination with the PSM and such
hasn't worked out well.]

Create a Power-2 rule titled "Souls":

      Souls are a class of assets tracked by the Assessor.  Each Soul
      represents the voting power of a specific first-class player
      (the Body).

      If no Souls exist whose Body is a certain first-class player,
      one is created in eir possession.  If a Soul exists whose Body
      is not a first-class player, it is destroyed.  If multiple Souls
      exist with the same Body, they are all destroyed.

      If the Body of a Soul has not possessed it for 21 days, e can
      return it to eir possession by announcement.

      The voting limit of an eligible voter on an Ordinary decision is
      the number of Souls in eir possession.

Retitle Rule 1950 to "Decisions with Adoption Indices", and amend it
by replacing:

      An Agoran decision with an adoption index is a Democratic
      decision.

with:

      Adoption index is a switch possessed by Agoran decisions, whose
      value is either "none" (default) or an integral multiple of 0.1
      from 1.0 to 9.9.

      Chamber is a switch possessed by Agoran decisions with adoption
      indices, with values Ordinary (default) and Democratic.

and by appending to the list of essential parameters:

      c) Its Chamber.

and by appending:

      The eligible voters on an Ordinary decision are the players who
      were active at the start of the voting period.  Defining the
      voting limit of an entity on an Ordinary decision is secured
      with a power threshold of 2.

Amend Rule 106 by replacing:

      The adoption index of a proposal is an integral multiple of 0.1
      from 1.0 to 9.9.  It may be set by the proposer at the time of
      submission, or otherwise defaults to 1.0.

      Determining whether to adopt a proposal is an Agoran decision.
      The adoption index of this decision is set to the adoption index
      of the proposal at the initiation of the decision. Changing the
      adoption index of the decision is secured with a power threshold
      of 2.  The vote collector for this decision is the Assessor.

with:

      Determining whether to adopt a proposal is an Agoran decision.
      By default, this decision has an adoption index of 1.0 and is
      Ordinary; if the proposer specified valid, non-"none" values for
      the adoption index and/or Chamber, those values are set at the
      initiation of the decision.  Changing either value is secured
      with a power threshold of 2.  The vote collector for this
      decision is the Assessor.