ID: 7013
Title: Ordinary Decisions
Author: omd
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3

[Based on my Souls proposal, which looks like it's going to fail.
Used in the next proposal.]

Retitle Rule 1950 to "Decisions with Adoption Indices", and amend it
by replacing:

      An Agoran decision with an adoption index is a Democratic
      decision.

with:

      Adoption index is a switch possessed by Agoran decisions, whose
      value is either "none" (default) or an integral multiple of 0.1
      from 1.0 to 9.9.

      Chamber is a switch possessed by Agoran decisions with adoption
      indices, with values Ordinary (default) and Democratic.

and by appending to the list of essential parameters:

      c) Its Chamber.

and by replacing the last paragraph with:

      The eligible voters on a decision with an adoption index are
      those entities that were active first-class players at the start
      of its voting period.  Setting an entity's voting limit on such
      a decision is secured with a power threshold of 2 if the
      decision is Ordinary, or 3 otherwise.

Amend Rule 106 by replacing:

      The adoption index of a proposal is an integral multiple of 0.1
      from 1.0 to 9.9.  It may be set by the proposer at the time of
      submission, or otherwise defaults to 1.0.

      Determining whether to adopt a proposal is an Agoran decision.
      The adoption index of this decision is set to the adoption index
      of the proposal at the initiation of the decision. Changing the
      adoption index of the decision is secured with a power threshold
      of 2.  The vote collector for this decision is the Assessor.

with:

      Determining whether to adopt a proposal is an Agoran decision.
      By default, this decision has an adoption index of 1.0 and is
      Ordinary; if the proposer specified valid, non-"none" values for
      the adoption index and/or Chamber when submitting the proposal,
      those values are set at the initiation of the decision.
      Changing either value is secured with a power threshold of 2.
      The vote collector for this decision is the Assessor.