ID: 7015
Title: Promises
Author: G.
Co-authors: ais523
Adoption index: 2

[
   v 1.1
   - Wording fixes from omd and ais523;
   - added Conditions instead of IMPOSSIBLE cashing;
   - removed fixed promises (certain ownership can be condition of
     cashing;
   - removed limitations on circular stuff (can deal with that as
     it comes.
]

Create a power-2 Rule, "Promises":

    Promises are a class of assets.  Horton is an Office and the
    recordkeepor for promises; Horton's weekly report includes the
    text, author, conditions, and owner of all existing promises.
    The Tree is an entity for holding promises.  Ownership of
    promises is limited to persons and the Tree.

    A Player (the promise's author) CAN create a promise in eir
    possession by announcement, clearly specifying its text.
    Optionally, the author CAN, in the creating message, specify a
    set of conditions required to be true for the promise to be
    cashed.  The default is that the promise has no conditions.

    Promises with the same text, author, and conditions are fungible.

    The creation, transferring, cashing, and destruction of promises
    is secured.


Create a power-2 rule called "Cashing Promises":

    A Player CAN cash a promise in eir possession by announcing that
    e does so, provided either that the promise has no conditions, or
    all of the conditions of the promise are true.  To do so, e must
    clearly and unambiguously identify the promise and SHOULD publish
    its text.

    When a promise is cashed, the text of the promise is interpreted as
    if it were published by its author as a standalone statement; if
    that statement requires additional context, that context MUST be
    supplied within the body of the message indicating the cashing.
    Cashing a promise destroys it, unless the conditions of the
    promise explicitly and clearly include conditions under which the
    promise is not so destroyed, and these conditions are true.

    If a promise is possessed by the Tree, any player except the
    promise's author CAN transfer it to emself by announcement, if e
    cashes the promise in the same message in which e transfers it to
    emself.

    Horton CAN destroy any promise Without Objection.