ID: 7038
Title: Judicial Panel Reform
Author: scshunt
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1.7

Enact a new power-1.7 rule entitled "Judgments by Judicial Panels" reading
As soon as possible after a judicial panel is assigned to a case, each
     member of the panel SHALL publish an opinion indicating
     a valid judgement to assign to the case -- only the last such
     published opinion for each member is used to determine the
     outcome.  Each member SHOULD choose an appropriate judgement,
     and include arguments for eir choice.

     If, immediately after either all members have so published or
     the time limit for so publishing has ended, a majority of the
     members have opined for the same judgement, the panel acts to
     deliver the judgement in question.  If the panel publishes a
     valid judgement via another mechanism specified in the Rules,
     the requirement for individual members to publish individual
     opinions is waived.

     If an open case is assigned to a judicial panel, and one of
     its members previously published an opinion for that case as
     part of the same or a different judicial panel, then that
     opinion stands for the newly-assigned panel unless the case
     was judged and reopened in the meanwhile.

Enact a new power-1.7 rule entitled "Judicial Appeals Panels" reading
     If the time period for judging an appeals case ends with no
     majority opinion among members of the panel assigned to it,
     then the CotC CAN, and SHALL as soon as possible, by
     announcement cause the panel to judge either REMAND or REMIT
     with or without prejudice, whichever e feels is most
     appropriate. E SHALL NOT assign the case to another panel
     solely due to its failure to judge. These requirements are
     waived if the panel delivers a judgment in the meanwhile.

[I'm removing Concurring and Dissenting opinions; they seem to
 serve little actual purpose since panelists invariably deliver
 arguments with their opinions. Mimicking real courts here is
 silly since there, the majority opinion is in fact a full
 opinion and not just a ruling.]

Amend Rule 911 (Appeal Cases) by deleting
     As soon as possible after a judicial panel is assigned, each
     member of the panel SHALL publish an appeals opinion indicating
     a valid judgement to assign to the case -- only the last such
     published opinion for each member is used to determine the
     outcome.  Each member SHOULD choose an appropriate judgement,
     and include arguments for eir choice.  If prejudice is not
     explicitly specified, then an opinion indicating AFFIRM or
     REMAND implicitly indicates without prejudice, while an opinion
     indicating REMIT or OVERRULE implicitly indicates with
     prejudice.

     If, immediately after either all members have so published or
     the time limit for so publishing has ended, a majority of the
     members have opined for the same judgement, the panel acts to
     deliver the judgement in question.  If the panel publishes a
     valid judgement via another mechanism specified in the Rules,
     the requirement for individual members to publish individual
     opinions is waived.

     If the time period ends with no majority judgement, then the
     CotC CAN, and SHALL as soon as possible, by announcement cause
     the panel to judge either REMAND or REMIT with or without
     prejudice, whichever e feels is most appropriate.

     Any panel member CAN publish a formal Concurring Opinion with
     panel member support, provided that the panel has judged AFFIRM,
     and SHOULD do so if and only if the reasoning by which the prior
     judge reached eir judgement was incorrect in whole or part.  A
     Concurring Opinion SHOULD explain the nature of the error(s) in
     the prior judge's reasoning.  Each Concurring Opinion has an
     error rating, an integer from 1 to 99, with larger numbers
     corresponding to larger errors in reasoning; it CAN be specified
     in the announcement of intent, or else defaults to 50.

     In the week after the panel publishes a valid judgement, any
     panel member CAN publish a formal Dissenting Opinion with
     Support.  This Dissenting Opinion becomes a part of the record
     of the case; it can be used as an aid to help interpret the
     decision.