ID: 7039
Title: Win by Committee
Author: scshunt
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

If the proposal entitled "Judicial Panel Reform" is not to be adopted
by the end of the message in which this proposal is adopted, then
this proposal is of no effect.

Enact a new power-1.7 rule reading
     Victory cases are a subclass of judicial cases. Any person
     believing emself to have satisfied a Victory Condition may
     initiate a victory case with support, indicating the precise
     Victory Condition which e believes to have satisfied and how
     e believes e satisfied it.

     The entities eligible to be assigned as judges of a victory
     case are those judicial panels consisting of three first-class
     players, none of them having called the case or been
     disqualified as below. A player can be disqualified from judging
     a victory case with Agoran Consent. The CotC SHOULD NOT assign
     a panel to a victory case if there is a pending intent to
     disqualify one of its members unless it is clear that the
     intent will fail. Players SHOULD be disqualified only if they
     have a vested interest in the victory, such as having been a
     co-scammer.

     A victory case has a judicial question on ascendancy, which is
     always applicable. The valid judgments for this question are
     GLORY, appropriate if the Victory Condition was satisfied as
     described and a judgment of GLORY has not already been reached
     on an earlier case over substantially the same victory, and
     SHAME, appropriate otherwise.

     When a judgment of GLORY has continuously been in effect for
     two weeks, the caller is deemed to have won the game as
     specified. The Herald shall forthwith award the patent title
     Champion to the winner. Winning the game does not cause
     Agora to end.

[N.B. forthwith means ASAP through a series of definitions you're
 welcome to verify.]

Retitle Rule 2332 (Winning) to (Winning by Points) and amend it to read
     A player CAN destroy 250 points in eir possession to satisfy
     the Victory Condition of Accumulation.