ID: 7044
Title: Bets
Author: Walker
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1

Enact a new Rule:

     The betting period for a decision on the adoption of a proposal
     or a degree begins when the proposal or thesis is submitted; the
     betting period for an election begins when the nomination period
     begins. The betting period for each decision ends when the
     decision is initiated.

     During the betting period for a given Agoran Decision, each
     active player (the Better) CAN submit a Bet privately to the
     vote collector for that decision.

     To be valid, a Bet must
     a) consist of an indication of which outcome the Better thinks
        Agora will select in a specified decision,
     b) clearly indicate the number of Points staked in the Bet - a
        number of Points less than or equal to the number of Points
        the Better owns,
     c) not be sent to anyone other than the Better and the vote
        collector,
     d) not be submitted by the vote collector, and
     e) be submitted during the betting period for the decision.

     The validity of a Bet is measured when its betting market is
     resolved. Only the last Bet submitted by each player (which
     would otherwise be valid) is valid.

     Players SHALL NOT reveal the existence or details of any Bet to
     any person other than the vote collector before the betting
     period has finished, except where allowed by this Rule;
     violating this requirement is the Class-6 Crime of Collusion.

     If the vote collector for a decision changes before the decision
     has been resolved, and one or more Bets have been submitted for
     the decision, then the previous vote collector SHALL inform the
     new collector of these Bets and their contents privately, before
     the decision is resolved. The previous vote collector becomes
     eligible to submit Bets for the decision if the betting period
     has not ended, and any previous Bets submitted by the new vote
     collector become invalid.

Enact a new Rule:

     There is a betting market on a decision if
     a) more than one player has submitted a valid Bet on the
        decision,
     b) more than one outcome was Betted on, and
     c) at least one of the Bets was for the correct outcome.

     After a decision has been resolved, the vote collector CAN
     resolve the betting market (if any) on the decision, and SHALL
     do so as soon as possible.

     The resolution of a betting market reveals the outcome betted on
     by each Better, and the number of Points they staked, in valid
     Bets. Upon the valid resolution of a betting market
     a) any Points staked on an incorrect outcome are destroyed
     b) an equal (or less due to rounding) number of Points are
        awarded to the player(s) who Betted on the correct outcome,
        such that the proportion of Points gained by each winning
        Better is directly proportional to the number of Points they
        staked, rounded down as necessary.

     To be valid, the resolution must specify how many Points are
     lost and gained by each Better.

     The resolution of a betting market constitutes a self-ratifying
     claim that the Bets in the resolution are valid, and that no
     other valid Bets were submitted for the decision.