ID: 7045
Title: Speed
Author: Walker
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3

[ Gives the Speaker a Big (but not entirely Pointless) Switch; lets
others join in the fun with Agoran Consent. Finds several different
ways of saying the same thing. Possibilities include adding faster or
slower speeds, although not necessarily ones accessible to the
President. ]

Enact a new Power-2 Rule entitled "Speed":

     The Speed switch is a single switch, tracked by the Assessor,
     with values of Slow, Normal (default) and Fast. The Speed switch
     is secured.

     When the Speed has not been changed in the past month, the
     President CAN flip the Speed to Normal or Fast by announcement.
     At any time, players CAN flip it to a given value with Agoran
     Consent. In case of a lull, players CAN flip it to Slow without
     objection.

Amend Rule 1728 (Dependent Actions) by replacing

     a) A person (the initiator) announced intent to perform the
        action, unambiguously and clearly specifying the action and
        method(s) (including the value of N for each method), at
        most fourteen days earlier, and (if the action depends on
        objections or notice) at least four days earlier.

with:

     a) A person (the initiator) announced intent to perform the
        action, unambiguously and clearly specifying the action and
        method(s) (including the value of N for each method), at most
        fourteen days earlier, and (if the action depends on
        objections or notice) at least X days earlier, where X is a
        number which depends on the Speed at the time of intention as
        follows: Slow: 5, Normal: 4, Fast: 2.

Amend Rule 107 (Initiating Agoran Decisions) by replacing

    The publication of such a valid notice initiates the voting
    period for the decision.  By default, the voting period lasts
    for seven days.  The minimum voting period for a decision with
    at least two options is seven days.  The vote collector for a
    decision with less than two options CAN and SHALL end the voting
    period by announcement, if it has not ended already, and
    provided that e resolves the decision in the same message.

with:

     The publication of such a valid notice initiates the voting
     period for the decision. Where {X, Y} is a given Speed followed
     by a number of days, the voting period lasts for Y days when the
     Speed is X at the time of initiation: {Slow, 14}, {Normal, 7},
     {Fast, 5}. The minimum voting period for a decision with at
     least two options is five days.  The vote collector for a
     decision with less than two options CAN and SHALL end the voting
     period by announcement, if it has not ended already, and
     provided that e resolves the decision in the same message.

Amend Rule 2168 (Extending the voting period) by replacing "doubled"
with "increased to 14 days, except if it is already that length".

Amend Rule 2143 (Official Reports and Duties) by replacing

    a) If any task is defined by the rules as part of that office's
       weekly duties, then the holder of that office SHALL perform
       it at least once each week.

with:

     a) If any task is defined by the rules as part of that office's
        weekly duties, then the holder of that office SHALL perform
        it at least once each week, except if the Speed is Slow, in
        which case the duties SHALL be completed once each fortnight.

Amend Rule 1023 (Common Definitions) by replacing

    (a) The phrases "in a timely fashion" and "as soon as possible"
        mean "within seven days".  A requirement to perform an
        action at an exact instant (e.g.  "when X, Y SHALL Z"), but
        not "in the same message", is instead interpreted as a
        requirement to perform that action in a timely fashion after
        that instant.

with:

     (a) The phrases "in a timely fashion" and "as soon as possible"
         mean "within X days", where X is 14 when the Speed is Slow,
         7 when it is Normal and 5 when it is Fast. This time period
         is set when the requirement is created (ie. X days before
         the limit ends). A requirement to perform an action at an
         exact instant (e.g.  "when X, Y SHALL Z"), but not "in the
         same message", is instead interpreted as a requirement to
         perform that action in a timely fashion after that instant.