ID: 7050
Title: No more warp drive
Author: omd
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

[The ability to appeal culpability and sentencing separately has not
gotten much actual use, and as Yally has shown, is quite scammable in
a way that would require even more boilerplate to fix.  May as well
slim things down by getting rid of judicial questions entirely.]

Retitle Rule 2158 (Judicial Questions) to Judges, and amend it to read:

     At any time, each judicial case is either open (default),
     suspended, or has exactly one judgement.  This is a persistent
     status that changes only according to the rules.  The possible
     types of judgement for a judicial case depend on the type of
     case.

     When a judicial case is open and has a judge assigned to it, the
     judge CAN assign a valid judgement to it by announcement, and
     SHALL do so as soon as possible, unless e is recused from the
     case before the time limit for doing so has expired.  A judge
     SHOULD NOT assign an inappropriate judgement to any judicial
     case.  A judgement is valid and/or appropriate only as defined
     by the rules.  Defining these things is secured, with a power
     threshold of 1.7.  If more than one judgement is valid and
     appropriate, then the choice between them is left to the judge's
     discretion.

     When a non-appeal judicial case is open, and its judge has
     violated a time limit to assign a judgement to it, or is not an
     active player, the Clerk of the Courts SHALL recuse that judge
     with cause by announcement as soon as possible; however, this
     requirement is waived if the judge assigns a judgement to it
     first.

Amend Rule 1868 (Judge Assignment Generally) by replacing:

     At any time, a judicial case either does not require a judge
     (default) or requires a judge.  This is not a persistent status,
     but is evaluated instantaneously.

     When a judicial case requires a judge and has no judge assigned,
     the CotC CAN assign a qualified entity to be its judge by
     announcement, and SHALL do so as soon as possible.

with:

     When a judicial case is open and has no judge assigned, the CotC
     CAN assign a qualified entity to be its judge by announcement,
     and SHALL do so as soon as possible.

Amend Rule 2164 (Judicial Self-Recusal and Case Transfer) by replacing
"a judicial question in that case" with "that case".

Amend Rule 649 (Patent Titles) by replacing "judicial question" with
"judicial case".

Amend Rule 1769 (Holidays) by replacing "judicial question" with
"judicial case".

Amend Rule 991 (Judicial Cases Generally) by replacing "that either
require a judge or have at least one applicable judicial question that
has no judgement" with "without a judgement".

Amend Rule 591 (Inquiry Cases) by replacing:

     An inquiry case has a judicial question on veracity, which is
     always applicable.  The valid judgements for this question are
     as follows, based on the truth or falsity of the statement at
     the time the inquiry case was initiated:

with:

     The valid judgements for an inquiry case are as follows, based
     on the truth or falsity of the statement at the time the inquiry
     case was initiated:

and by replacing "judicial question which was not itself judged
IRRELEVANT" with "judicial case", and by replacing "judgement of the
question in an inquiry case" with "judgement of an inquiry case".

Amend Rule 1504 (Criminal Cases) by replacing:

     A criminal case has a judicial question on culpability, which is
     applicable at all times following the call for judgement.  The
     valid judgements for this question are:

with:

     The valid judgements for a criminal case are as follows:

and by replacing "GUILTY, appropriate if" with "GUILTY with a valid
sentence, appropriate if", and by moving the paragraph about
recreating points to the end of the rule, and by replacing:

     A criminal case has a judicial question on sentencing, which is
     applicable if the question on culpability is applicable and has
     a judgement of GUILTY.  If a criminal case has an applicable
     question on sentencing which has a judgement, the Accused is
     hereafter known as the ninny, the judgement in the question on
     sentencing is known as the sentence, and the sentence is in
     effect.

with:

     When a sentence has been assigned as part of a GUILTY judgement,
     the Accused is known as the ninny, and the sentence is in
     effect.

and by replacing "one destruction or transfer per question on
sentencing" with "one destruction or transfer per case".

Amend Rule 2277 (Appeals of Criminal Cases) by removing:

     Unless otherwise specified, an appeal of a judgement in a
     criminal case is assumed to be appealing the question of
     culpability.

     When a judgement on a criminal case's question of culpability is
     suspended, the judgement (if any) on its question of sentencing
     is also suspended.  Afterward, if the first judgement is
     assigned again, then so is the second.

Amend Rule 2318 (Motions to Reconsider) by replacing "question" with "case".

Amend Rule 911 (Appeal Cases) by replacing

     An appeal case has a judicial question on disposition, which is
     applicable if and only if the prior question is applicable.  The
     valid judgements for the question on disposition are of the form
     "<action> with prejudice" or "<action> without prejudice".  Such
     a judgement is generally appropriate if and only if

with

     The valid judgements for an appeal case are of the form
     "<action> with prejudice" or "<action> without prejudice".  Such
     a judgement is generally appropriate if and only if

and by replacing "prior question" with "prior case", and by replacing
"the question on disposition in the appeal case" with "the appeal
case", and by replacing "judicial question" with "judicial case".