ID: 7070
Title: Re-jiggery
Author: Walker
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3

[ Reorganises Rules 106, 1607 and 1950 into four Rules: Proposals,
Distribution, Adoption, and Decisions with Adoption Indices. No actual
change to any of the processes. ]

Retitle Rule 1607 to "Distribution", and change its Power to 3.

Create a new Power-2 Rule entitled "Proposals" with the following text:

   A proposal is a fixed body of text which has been made into a
   proposal using a process specifically described in the Rules.
   When a person creates a proposal, e SHOULD ensure that it
   specifies one or more changes to the gamestate.  Except as
   prohibited by other rules, a proposal that takes effect CAN, as
   part of its effect, apply the changes that it specifies.  If the
   proposal cannot make some such changes, this does not preclude
   the other changes from taking place.

   A player CAN create a proposal by publishing ("submitting") a
   body of text and an associated title with a clear indication
   that it is intended to become a proposal, which places the
   proposal in the Proposal Pool.  The author (syn. proposer) of a
   proposal is the player who submitted it.  A player CAN remove
   (syn. retract, withdraw) a proposal e authored from the Proposal
   Pool by announcement.

   A co-author of a proposal is a person (other than its author)
   unambiguously identified as such by its author when it was
   submitted.

Replace the entire text of Rule 1607 with:

   The Promotor is an office; its holder is responsible for
   receiving and distributing proposals.

   A player specifically permitted by the Rules to distribute a
   Proposal CAN distribute the proposal by publishing it with the
   clear intent of distributing it.  When a proposal is
   distributed, it is removed from the Proposal Pool.  The
   distribution of a proposal initiates the Agoran decision of
   whether to adopt the proposal, as described elsewhere.  Removing
   a proposal from the Pool by a means other than initiating an
   Agoran Decision to adopt it is secured.

   The Promotor CAN distribute a proposal which is in the Proposal
   Pool at any time.  In a given Agoran week, the Promotor SHALL,
   as part of eir weekly duties, distribute all proposals in the
   Proposal Pool that were in the Pool at the beginning of that
   week.

   Distributed proposals have ID numbers, to be assigned by the
   Promotor.

   If there is a Proposal in the Pool that it would otherwise be
   IMPOSSIBLE for any active player to distribute, then any player
   CAN distribute that Proposal Without 3 Objections.

   The Promotor's report includes a list of all proposals in the
   Proposal Pool.

Replace the entire text of Rule 1950 with:

   Adoption index is a switch possessed by Agoran decisions, whose
   value is either "none" (default) or an integral multiple of 0.1
   from 1.0 to 9.9.

   Chamber is a switch possessed by Agoran decisions with adoption
   indices, with values Ordinary (default) and Democratic.

   Determining whether to adopt a proposal is an Agoran decision.
   By default, this decision has an adoption index of 1.0 and is
   Ordinary; if the proposer specified valid, non-"none" values for
   the adoption index and/or Chamber when submitting the proposal,
   those values are set at the initiation of the decision. Changing
   either value is secured with a power threshold of 2. The vote
   collector for this decision is the Assessor.

   An Agoran decision with an adoption index has the following
   essential parameters:

   a) Its adoption index.
   b) Its author (and co-authors, if any).
   c) Its Chamber.

   The eligible voters on a decision with an adoption index are
   those entities that were active first-class players at the start
   of its voting period.  Setting or changing an entity's voting
   limit on such a decision is secured with a power threshold of 2
   if the decision is Ordinary, or 3 otherwise.

   For any Agoran decision with an adoption index, the available
   options are FOR and AGAINST.

Replace the entire text of Rule 106 with the following:

    If the option selected by Agora on a decision about whether to
    adopt a proposal is ADOPTED, then the proposal in question is
    adopted, and unless other rules prevent it from taking effect,
    its power is set to the minimum of four and its adoption index,
    and then it takes effect.

   A proposal with a decision on which the option selected by Agora
   is not ADOPTED does not take effect, rules to the contrary
   notwithstanding.

   Preventing a proposal from taking effect is a secured change;
   this does not apply to generally preventing changes to specified
   areas of the gamestate, nor to a proposal preventing itself from
   taking effect (its no-effect clause is generally interpreted as
   applying only to the rest of the proposal).