ID: 7117
Title: General costs 2.0
Author: omd
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1

[Useful for promises.

2.0 fixes FINE and doesn't remove the objection mechanism to change costs.]

Create a new Power-2 Rule titled "Costs":

     The documents defining the conditions for performing an action
     can specify another action as a cost; paying the cost becomes a
     condition for performing the original action.  A person has paid
     the cost for an attempt to perform an action if e performed each
     action so defined as a cost:

     (1) in the same message as the attempt,
     (2) clearly indicating that the action was a payment of that
         cost for that attempt, and
     (3) not indicating that it was a payment for any other cost or
         attempt.

     If the cost is defined in assets, the required action is
     destroying those assets, or, if the documents specify a
     recipient entity, transferring them to that entity.

Retitle Rule 2349 (Spending Points) to "Spending Actions", and amend it to read:

     A Spending Action is an action defined as such by the Rules.
     Base cost is a Spending Action switch, tracked by the
     Scorekeepor, whose value is a non-negative integer (default 5).
     A player CAN change a Spending Action's base cost without two
     objections.  The cost of a Spending Action is generally its base
     cost in points, subject to modification by other Rules.

Amend Rule 1607 (The Promotor) by replacing "as a Spending Action"
with "for a cost of 5 points".

Amend Rule 2322 (Winning by Points) by replacing:

     A player CAN destroy 250 points in the possession of any
     indicated player to cause the indicated player to satisfy the
     Victory Condition of Accumulation.

with:

     A player CAN destroy 250 points in the possession of any
     indicated player as a cost to cause the indicated player to
     satisfy the Victory Condition of Accumulation.

Amend Rule 1504 (Criminal Cases) by replacing "class of asset" with
"currency", and by replacing:

     When in effect, the ninny SHALL, as soon as possible, either
     destroy this amount of eir asset or transfer it to the Lost and
     Found Department. The ninny is only obliged to perform one
     destruction or transfer per case, even if sentences of this type
     are assigned more than once or go into effect more than once.

with:

     The ninny CAN satisfy the fine by announcement, for a cost of
     that amount of currency.  When in effect, if e has not already
     done so in the same case, the ninny SHALL satisfy the fine as
     soon as possible.