ID: 7122
Title: Long-term ambassador powers
Author: Tiger
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1

Amend Rule 2352, replacing the following part:

   When the office of Ambassador first becomes filled, the holder
   SHALL as soon as possible attempt to cause Agora to become a
   player of BlogNomic.

with the following text:

   The Ambassador generally CAN act on behalf of Agora to cause
   it to register and take actions in foreign nomics.

   An Ambassadorial Mission is a document specifying the
   Ambassador's mandate to act on behalf of Agora in another
   nomic. To be valid, such a document must include the following:

   a) The name of the foreign nomic

   b) The goals the Ambassador SHOULD strive to fulfill when
   acting on Agora's behalf in that nomic (if any)

   c) The orders the Ambassador SHALL obey when acting on
   Agora's behalf in that nomic (if any)

   c) The limits on what actions the Ambassador MAY take when
   acting on Agora's behalf in that nomic

   Any player CAN, with Agoran Consent, cause a published
   Ambassadorial Mission to become active. This causes any
   previous Mission pertaining to the same foreign nomic to cease
   to be active. The Ambassador is the recordkeeper of active
   Ambassadorial Missions.

   The Ambassador's duties include acting as instructed by all
   active Ambassadorial Missions. The Ambassador acting against
   the goals set by an active Mission, performing actions forbidden
   by the Mission, or acting on behalf of Agora in a foreign nomic
   not covered by a Mission is the Class-6 crime of Ambassadoring
   at large.

Create an active Ambassadorial Mission to BlogNomic, reading as follows:

   Foreign nomic: BlogNomic
   Goals: to further Agora's presence on the Internet.
   Orders: none.
   Permitted actions: any action legal by BlogNomic's own rules for
which the Ambassador has received Agoran Consent before taking it.

If the proposal "Short-term ambassador powers" has been adopted, the
text to replace will not be present; in that case replace the text it
replaced that text with, with the above text.