ID: 7213
Title: Voting Golems
Author: G.
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3

[This changes the needed power-3 rules to allow some golems to vote in
the first place, while keeping them out of the quorum calculation.  It
doesn't actually allow the creation of any voting golems.  We can work
out the golem voting system details later with AI-2 proposals, but
they're non-starters if the principle of a golem voting doesn't pass at
AI-3.].


Amend Rule 1950 (Decisions with Adoption Indices) by replacing:
      The eligible voters on a decision with an adoption index are
      those entities that were active first-class players at the start
      of its voting period.  Setting or changing an entity's voting
      limit on such a decision is secured with a power threshold of 2
      if the decision is Ordinary, or 3 otherwise.
with:
      The eligible voters on a decision with an adoption index are
      those entities that were active first-class players at the start
      of its voting period.  Setting or changing an entity's voting
      limit on such a decision, or defining additional types of
      eligible voters for such a decision, is secured with a power
      threshold of 2 if the decision is Ordinary, or 3 otherwise.


Amend Rule 683 (Voting on Agoran Decisions) by appending the following
paragraph:
      A first-class voter for a decision is a first-class player who
      is an eligible voter for that decision.  All other eligible voters
      for that decision are second-class voters.


Amend Rule 879 (Quorum) by replacing:
   (where N is the number of eligible voters
with:
   (where N is the number of first-class voters


Amend Rule 955 (Determining the Will of Agora) by replacing:
 number of distinct voters who submitted valid ballots is less than
 quorum
with:
 number of distinct first-class voters who submitted valid ballots
 is less than quorum


Create the following rule, Voting Golems, Power-2:

      Enfranchisement is a switch for golems with values of
      Unenfranchised (default) and Enfranchised.  Flipping a golem to
      Enfranchised is Secured.

      An Enfranchised golem is an eligible voter on Ordinary proposals,
      and has a default voting limit of 1 on such proposals.  Changing
      this voting limit is Secured.