ID: 7256
Title: Basic Foreign Relations
Author: 441344
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1

AFO, ais523, BobTHJ, disi., Murphy, Pavitra, Tiger, woggle, Yally, and
Zefram, and text
{
 Create a rule with title {Nomic Definitions} and text
 {
     A nomic is a system of rules that provides means for itself to be
     amended arbitrarily. Nomics can be games, micronations, simulations,
     and/or sovereign states.

     A foreign nomic is a nomic other than this one, even if it has
     the same name as this one.

     A protectorate is a foreign nomic which specifies in its ruleset that
     it is a Protectorate Of Agora and which allows Agora to make
     arbitrary amendments to it.
 }.
 Create a rule with title {Foreign Relations} and text
 {
     Recognition is a foreign nomic switch, tracked by the
     Ambassador, with values Unknown (default), Protected, Friendly,
     Neutral, Sanctioned, Hostile, and Abandoned. Players SHOULD not
     violate the rules of Protected or Friendly nomics.

     When a non-Unknown foreign nomic becomes a Protectorate, it's
     recognition becomes Protected.  When a foreign nomic ceases to be a
     Protectorate, its Recognition becomes Unknown. Any person may flip
     an Unknown Protectorate's Recognition to Protected by announcement.
     A foreign nomic's Recognition CANNOT change to or from Protected in
     any other way.

     The Ambassador-At-Large CAN, with Agoran Consent, flip a foreign
     nomic's Recognition to any value (subject to the above restriction).
     E SHALL inform that nomic of the change as soon as possible.
 }.
 Create a rule with title {The Ambassador-At-Large} and text
 {
     The Ambassador-At-Large is an office; its holder is responsible for
     relations with foreign nomics.

     A foreign nomic may grant certain powers (in the ordinary-language
     sense) and privileges to Agora's ambassadors. It is ILLEGAL to use or
     attempt to use such powers or privileges except as allowed by the
     rules of Agora. The Ambassador-At-Large CAN and MAY, with Agoran
     Consent, authorize emself to use such powers or priviliges in a
     specified way, in a specified nomic, in a specified timeframe of
     length not exceeding two weeks. If a foreign nomic allows for Agora
     to take actions in it, the ambassador CAN and MAY, with Agoran
     consent, take a specified action or series of actions in it on
     behalf of Agora, provided that the nomic is Protected, Friendly, or
     Neutral.

     It is ILLEGAL to falsely claim, to any nomic, to be an ambassador of
     Agora. The Ambassador-At-Large SHALL inform any nomic that recieves
     such a claim of its falsehood as soon as possible.
 }.