ID: 7325
Title: StarCraft II: Wings of Liberty
Author: Machiavelli
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1.0

Enact a rule, titled "Belligerence":

      The Mongor is an office.

      A unit is a type of asset whose recordkeepor is the Mongor.
      Ownership of units is restricted to persons. Health is a unit
      switch, tracked by the Mongor, whose valid values are the
      integers not greater than the unit's maximum health, and not
      less than 0, and whose default value is the unit's maximum
      health. If a unit's health has been 0 for the past 48 hours,
      that unit ceases to exist.

      If a unit has an attack strength, then its owner CAN, by
      announcement, cause it to attack any unit. This causes the
      targeted unit's health to decrease by the attacking unit's
      attack strength. If a unit attacks, it cannot attack again in
      the same Agoran week.

      Likewise, if a unit has a heal strength, then its owner CAN, by
      announcement, cause it to heal any unit. This causes the
      targeted unit's health to increase by the healing unit's heal
      strength. If a unit heals, it cannot attack again in the same
      Agoran week.

      Minerals are a currency whose recordkeepor is the Mongor.
      Ownership of minerals is restricted to persons. If a unit has a
      price, then any person CAN spend that many minerals to gain that
      unit. At the beginning of each week, each player gains 10
      minerals for each SCV they own.

      Marines are a type of unit. A marine's maximum health is 45, its
      attack strength is 15, and its price is 50.

      Medics are a type of unit. A medic's maximum health is 60, its
      heal strength is 10, and its price is 75.

      SCVs are a type of unit. An SCV's maximum health is 45, and its
      price is 50.

      A person satisfies the Victory Condition of Belligerence if
      either of the following conditions holds:

      * The person owns a marine or an SCV, and no other person owns a
        marine or an SCV; or
      * The person owns at least 50 units.

      Whenever a person wins by Belligerence, all units and minerals
      are destroyed, then six SCVs are awarded to each first-class
      player.

Award six SCVs to each first-class player.