ID: 7326
Title: Renaissance Reenactment
Author: Machiavelli
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1.0

Enact a rule, titled "Ribbons":

      Ribbons are a class of fixed assets.  If winning is secured,
      then changes to Ribbon holdings are secured with the same power
      threshold.  Ownership of Ribbons is restricted to players.

      Each Ribbon has exactly one color.  Colors with different names
      are distinct, regardless of spectral proximity.  It is possible
      for a Ribbon to have a color not defined in this rule.  Each
      color of Ribbon is a currency.

      The Herald is the recordkeepor of Ribbons.

      When a player earns a Ribbon as outlined below, any person CAN
      once, in a timely manner, create that Ribbon in the player's
      possession by announcement, unless the player already possesses
      the color of Ribbon e earned (earning a Ribbon more than once
      entitles the bearer to multiple Ribbon awards, though
      capitalizing on this may be difficult):

      (+B) When a player assigns a judgement to a judicial question in
           a judicial case other than a question on sentencing, e
           earns a Blue Ribbon, unless e violated a requirement to
           submit that judgment within a time limit.

      (+C) When a player deputises for an office, e earns a Cyan
           Ribbon.

      (+G) At the end of each month, each player who held at least one
           office continuously during that month earns a Green Ribbon,
           unless e failed to perform an official duty within a time
           limit during that month.

      (+I) When a player is awarded a degree, e earns an Indigo
           Ribbon.

      (+K) When a player assigns a judgement to a judicial question in
           an interested judicial case on sentencing, e earns a Black
           Ribbon, unless e violated a requirement to submit that
           judgment within a time limit.

      (+L) A player qualifies for a Lime Ribbon, if e was the
           co-author of at least three Proposals adopted in the
           previous week.

      (+M) When, during Agora's birthday, a player publicly
           acknowledges the occasion, e earns a Magenta Ribbon.

      (+O) When a proposal is adopted by voting with no valid votes
           AGAINST, its proposer earns an Orange Ribbon.

      (+P) The Speaker qualifies for a Platinum Ribbon.

      (+R) When an interested proposal is adopted and changes at least
           one rule with Power >= 3, its proposer earns a Red Ribbon.

      (+T) When a player registers, if e does not possess the Patent
           Title Renascent, e earns a Transparent Ribbon.

      (+U) When a player is awarded the Patent Title Champion, e earns
           an Ultraviolet Ribbon.

      (+V) When a player is awarded a Patent Title other than
           Renascent, e earns a Violet Ribbon, unless e earns a
           different Ribbon for the award.

      Any player CAN, by announcement, destroy nine Ribbons in eir
      possession, each of a different color, to satisfy the Victory
      Condition of Renaissance and award emself the Patent Title
      Renascent.

Award a Transparent Ribbon to every player.

(Why nine? Of these ribbons, I think eight of them—B, C, G, K, L, R,
T, and V—are easy to obtain, in the sense that any player could
achieve them with enough time and effort, whereas the remaining
five—I, M, O, P, and U—are hard to obtain, in the sense that an
individual player may find one or more of these to require an
unreasonable amount of skill or luck. Under this proposal, a player is
absolutely required to obtain only one "hard" ribbon.

The purpose of the Transparent Ribbon is to make subsequent victories
by Renaissance more difficult.)