ID: 7361
Title: Auctions
Author: G.
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2.0

Enact the following Rule, Power-2, entitled 'Auctions':

          An Auction begins when the first announcement that an Auction
          has begun is made by a Player (the Auctioneer) authorized by the
          Rules to initiate that Auction.  The announcement must contain:
          (1) the identity of the Auctioneer;
          (2) the Auction Currency;
          (3) the Starting Bid, in positive whole units of the Auction
              Currency;
          (4) the identity and the number of items being Auctioned;
          (5) the Seller, if any.

          Each Auction is conducted for 1 or more (N) identical lots of
          identical assets, which must all be owned by the same entity.

          While an auction is in progress, every active first-class Player
          CAN submit as many Auction Bids as e likes by announcement;
          non-active Players CANNOT submit bids.  An auction bid must
          specify the auction, and the amount of the bid, which must be
          (a) in positive whole units of the auction currency and (b) be
          equal to or greater than the Starting Bid.  A bidder may cancel
          eir bid while the auction is in progress by announcing the bid
          to be cancelled.

          The Auction ends if any of the following occur:
          (1) one week has passed from the start of the Auction, and
              no bids have been made; or
          (2) a bid has been made in the Auction, and 72 hours have
              passed without there being a change in the N highest
              bids in the Auction; or
          (3) 14 days have passed since the Auction began.

          When the Auction ends, the winning bids are the N largest
          uncancelled valid bids in the Auction (or all valid uncancelled
          Bids, if there were less than N valid uncancelled bids). Ties
          shall be broken in favor of earlier-submitted bids. If there
          were no bids in the Auction, then the Auction has no winner.

          The Final Auction Price is either:
          (1) the amount of the Nth highest bid, if there were N or
              more valid uncancelled bids in the auction; or
          (2) The Starting Bid, if there were greater
              than zero but fewer than N valid uncancelled bids.

          As soon as possible after the end of the Auction, the Auctioneer
          SHALL announce the winning bids and Final Auction Price.  As
          soon as possible after such an announcement, each bid winner,
          for each of eir winning bids, CAN and SHALL transfer one of the
          lots from its owner to emself by paying a cost equal to the Final
          Auction Price.  If the auction has a Seller, the recipient entity
          for the cost is the Seller.  Failing to pay costs in a timely
          manner is the Class 2 Crime of Defaulting, and a Defaulter in an
          auction CANNOT so transfer the lot from that auction to emself.