ID: 7385
Title: New Beginnings
Author: scshunt
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3.0

Amend rule 2150 (Personhood) by replacing "All other persons are
second-class." with "All other persons are third-class, except for
those defined by rules of power 2.4 or higher as being second-class."

Amend rule 869 (How to Join and Leave Agora) by replacing "A
second-class person CAN" with "A second- or third-class person CAN".

Amend rule 2154 (Election Procedure) by replacing "The eligible voters
are the active first-class players." with "The eligible voters are the
active first- and second-class players."

Amend rule 1950 (Decisions with Adoption Indices) by replacing "The
eligible voters on a decision with an adoption index are those
entities that were active first-class players at the start of its
voting period." with "The eligible voters on a decision with an
adoption index are those first- and second-class players that were
active at the start of its voting period."

Amend rule 2389 (Ordinary Chamber) by replacing "A first-class person
may spend one VC to increase any other first-class player's VVLOP by
one." with "A first- or second-class person may spend one VC to
increase any other first- or second-class player's VVLOP by one."

Increase the power of Rule 103 (The Speaker) to 2.4 and amend to read
as follows:

      The Speaker is an imposed office and a figurehead of Agora. The
      Speaker is a person who has proven themselves to be worthy of
      the title, and for a time can direct Agoran government affairs.

      A citizen is any first- or second-class player other than the
      Speaker.  Changing the holder of the office of Speaker is
      secured with threshold 1.

      The office of Speaker CANNOT be held by anyone other than a
      first-class player, and the Speaker CANNOT deregister. If, for
      some reason, the office of Speaker is vacant, the first-class
      player who most recently won the game becomes Speaker.

[The power increase is just so its definition is binding and so that
it prevents deregistration. The Speaker can, however, go on hold,
invoke Succession (see below) to give the Speakership away, and
subsequently deregister, so eir R101 rights are not violated.]

Enact a rule with power 2 entitled "The Arboretum of Agora" and text:

      The Branches of Government are the Executive, Legislative,
      Judicial, and Military. The Gardenor is an office.

      There is one kind of Favour and one kind of Leaf for each Branch
      of Government. Favour and Leaves of a given kind are fixed
      currencies, tracked by the Gardenor, ownership of which is
      restricted to citizens.

      A player CAN, by announcement and at a cost of 1 Leaf of a given
      Branch, award a Favour of that Branch to a citizen outside eir
      basis.

Enact a rule with power 2.4 entitled "Title Cards" and text:

      A Title Card is a second-class person and an asset. The basis of
      a Title Card is its owner. Title Cards are tracked by the
      Speaker, and ownership of Title Cards is restricted to active
      players, the Speaker, and the Lost and Found Department.
      Transferring Title Cards is secured with power 1.4. Title Cards
      are active players and CANNOT be deregistered or go on hold.

      Each Branch of Government has a corresponding Title Card, as
      follows:

        Executive: the Governor
        Legislative: the President
        Judicial: the Justiciar
        Military: the Admiral

      There are no other Title Cards, and Title Cards CANNOT be
      destroyed.

      A player who possesses a Title Card CAN, by announcement, cause
      that Title Card to take any action that it could take by any
      other means and CAN, by announcement, publish a message on
      behalf of that Title Card.

      If the Lost & Found Department possesses a Title Card, the
      Speaker CAN and SHALL, as soon as possible and by announcement,
      Bestow that Title Card by transferring it to a citizen who owns
      at least as much Favour in the corresponding Branch as every
      other citizen.

      If, by any mechanism, a Title Card would come to be possessed by
      itself or another Title Card, then instead it is transferred to
      the Speaker.

Enact a rule with power 1.4 entitled "The Cabinet"

    As soon as possible after the beginning of each month, the Speaker
    CAN and SHALL perform a Cabinet Shuffle. To perform a Cabinet
    Shuffle, e uses all eir Leaves to award Favour, Plows, Bestows
    each Title Card, and then publishes eir own report and the
    Gardenor's report, in that order and in the same message. The
    publication of the Gardenor's report in this fashion fulfills any
    outstanding obligations to publish the report.

    The Speaker CAN Plow by announcement, but only when required to do
    so as part of a Cabinet Shuffle. When the Speaker Plows, the
    following occurs:

      a) all Leaves are destroyed;
      c) for each Title Card, its owner loses one Favour in each
         Branch;
      b) for each Title Card, its owner loses half eir Favour in the
         corresponding Branch, rounded down;
      d) each Title Card loses two Favour in its Branch, and one
         Favour in each other Branch;
      e) each Title Card is transferred to the Lost and Found
         Department;
      f) for each Branch of Government, the Speaker is awarded a Leaf
         in that Branch for each active first-class player possessing
         fewer Favour in that Branch than the corresponding Title
         Card;
      g) for each Branch of Government, each player is awarded a Leaf
         in that Branch if e possesses more Favour in that Branch than
         the corresponding Title Card.

    A public message in which a player purports to Plow constitutes
    self- ratifying claims that:

      a) the Plowing is a part of a Cabinet Shuffle;
      b) the player performing the Cabinet Shuffle is the Speaker;
      c) that the Speaker had no Leaves immediately before e Curried
         Favour;
      d) that the Cabinet Shuffle was required by rule; and
      e) that the lists of assets in the reports published as part of
         the Cabinet Shuffle are accurate and complete.

Enact a power 2 rule entitled "Succession" with text:

    The Deputy Speaker is an imposed office, it is held by the active
    first-class citizen who most recently possessed the Governor.

    If the Speaker is inactive, any player CAN trigger Succession by
    announcement. This causes the following:

      a) The Deputy Speaker's Title Cards are transferred to the Lost
         and Found Department,
      b) The Speaker's Title Cards are transferred to Deputy Speaker,
      c) The Deputy Speaker becomes the Speaker.

Enact a rule with power 1.4 entitled "Overthrow" with the text:

    If the Speaker possesses each Title Card, the Deputy Speaker CAN,
    by announcement and subject to the remainder of this rule,
    overthrow the Speaker. The Speaker CANNOT otherwise be overthrown.

    When the Speaker is overthrown, the following occurs:

      a) the Deputy Speaker satisfies the Victory Condition of
         Revolution;
      b) the Deputy Speaker becomes Speaker;
      c) all Favour and Leaves are destroyed;
      d) the new Speaker is awarded one Leaf in each Branch of
         Government for each active first-class player; and then
      e) the new Speaker SHALL, in the same message, perform a Cabinet
         Shuffle. Failure to do so makes the overthrow INVALID.

Repeal Rule 2326 (The President) and Rule 2348 (Presidential Power).

Enact a rule with power 2 entitled "Prerogatives" with text:

    A prerogative is an action, defined as such by a rule, that is
    associated with a specified Branch of Government. When a rule
    indicates that a player has a prerogative, then they CAN perform
    that action. If the rules associate an limitation with having the
    prerogative, then this constitutes a limitation on when the action
    can be performed. If the rules do not specify the mechanism by
    which a prerogative can be performed, then it can be performed by
    announcement.

    The Speaker has each prerogative twice per month. Each Title Card
    has each prerogative of the corresponding Branch of Government
    once per week.

Enact a rule with power 2 entitled "Legislative Prerogatives" with
text:

    Veto is a Legislative prerogative. In using Veto, a player selects
    an Agoran Decision with an adoption index in its voting period is
    a Legislative prerogative. Its adoption index is set to 3.5.

    Rubberstamp is a Legislative prerogative. In using Rubberstamp, a
    player selects an Agoran Decision with an adoption index at most 2
    in its voting period. Its adoption index is set to 2, and among
    the otherwise- valid votes on that decision, including any
    submitted after the Rubberstamp, only the first AGAINST vote per
    voter is valid.

Enact a power 1.7 rule entitled "Judicial Prerogatives" with text:

    Prejudice is a judicial prerogative. In using Prejudice, a player
    assigns to an open criminal case a judgment of GUILTY with any
    sentence. The case CANNOT subsequently be appealed except by
    Certiorari, rules to the contrary notwithstanding.

    Prejudice SHALL NOT be used on a criminal case if NOT GUILTY is an
    appropriate judgment. Prejudice MAY and SHOULD be used to assign
    an inappropriate sentence, except that it SHALL NOT be used to
    assign a sentence, such as EXILE, that would severely interfere
    with the ninny's ability to enjoy Agora. When using Prejudice,
    players SHOULD NOT include any judicial reasoning for the
    sentencing.

    Certiorari is a Judicial prerogative. In using Certiorari, a
    player appeals any judgement made in the past two weeks.

Enact a power 3 rule entitled "Executive Prerogatives" with text:

    Bureaucracy is an Executive Prerogative. In using Executive, a
    player selects a promise. The promise CANNOT, in the following
    month, be cashed by announcement, but instead only with notice. As
    long as this effect remains, Horton's report shall indicate that
    it exists and applies to that promise. This takes precedence over
    any other rule to the extent that that rule defines a mechanism by
    which a promise can be cashed.

    Appointment is an Executive prerogative. In using Appointment, a
    player flips a filled office to Postulated.

Enact a power 2 rule entitled "Military Prerogatives" with text:

    Destination is a Military prerogative. In using Destination, a
    player indicates a clear condition or set of conditions that can
    apply to a proposal (such as "it would enact a rule of power 3 or
    greater"). If, in the following week, a proposal is submitted by
    another player that conforms to those conditions, its author CAN
    once thereafter decrease the adoption index of an Agoran decision
    to adopt it by 0.5 by announcement. A single player CANNOT perform
    this action more than once for each use of the Destination
    prerogative.

    Nuke is a Military prerogative. In using Nuke, a player selects a
    citizen; that citizen loses 1 Favour and gains 1 Leaf in each
    Branch of Government.

[Destination does not override the FOR > AGAINST rule, so it can't be
used to ram AI=1 proposals through].

Enact a power 2.4 rule entitled "Bootstrap" with text:

    Rules to the contrary notwithstanding, the offices of Deputy
    Speaker and Speaker are vacant. The player who most recently won
    the game CAN and SHALL, by announcement, become the Speaker and,
    when e does so, e is awarded one Leaf in each Branch of Government
    for each first-class active player. In the same message, e CAN and
    SHALL perform a Cabinet Shuffle. At the conclusion of the Cabinet
    Shuffle, this rule repeals itself.