ID: 7425
Title: Yaks
Author: Walker
Co-authors: G., Murphy, omd
Adoption index: 2

[ A simple currency with large amounts for lots of liquidity. Monthly
rewards for activity, officers. Candidates to propose salaries during
elections. An opt-in distributability system for proposal rewards. A
fixed reward for judging cases. Rewards for registration and
recruitment. Quarterly wealth taxation. Budget Switches, which can be
changed according to proposed budgets published during elections.
Elections, democratisation, veto and rubberstamp, for a fee. ]

Enact a Power 2 Rule entitled "Yaks" with the following text:

      Yaks, with currency symbol 'Y', are a currency; their ownership
      is restricted to players. The Yak Herdor is an office and
      recordkeepor of Yaks.

      The maximum FINE amount for Yaks is the value of the Yak FINE
      Budget Switch.

Append to Rule 2162 (Switches) the following:

      A natural switch is a switch with a default value of 0, unless
      the rules explicitly specify a different default value.  If the
      rules define an upper limit for the switch, then the possible
      values are non-negative integers not greater than that limit,
      otherwise the values are the non-negative integers.

      A singleton switch is a switch for which Agora Nomic is the only
      entity possessing an instance of that switch.

Enact a Power 2 Rule entitled "Budget Switches" with the following text:

      A Budget Switch is a switch defined as such by the Rules.

      During the nomination period of an election for an office which
      is required to track at least one Budget Switch, the candidates
      CAN publish eir Proposed Budgets, which consist of proposed
      values of each of the relevant Budget Switches, by announcement.
      Upon the resolution of such an election, if the winning
      candidate has a Proposed Budget, the Budget Switches the officer
      is required to track flip to the values in eir Proposed Budget.

      A player CAN flip a Budget Switch without objection; an officer
      required to track a particular Budget Switch CAN flip it without
      three objections, or with Agoran Consent.

      Unless specified otherwise by the Rules, a Budget Switch is a
      singular natural switch tracked by the Yak Herdor.

Enact a Power 2 Rule entitled "Tax" with the following text:

      The Yak Herdor CAN destroy other players' Yaks by announcement,
      but SHALL NOT do so except as explicitly required by the Rules;
      violating this is the Class 7 Crime of Administrative Error.

      As soon as possible after the beginning of each quarter, the Yak
      Herdor SHALL:
       a) destroy N of each first-class player's Yaks, where N is
          (A/100) * the number of Yaks greater than B they owned at
          the beginning of the quarter, rounded down, and
       b) destroy M of each second-class player's Yaks, where M is
          (C/100) * the number of Yaks greater than D they owned at
          the beginning of the quarter, rounded down, where
       1) A is equal to the first-class Tax Rate Budget Switch,
       2) B is equal to the first-class Tax Threshold Budget Switch,
       3) C is equal to the second-class Tax Rate Budget Switch, and
       4) D is equal to the second-class Tax Threshold Budget Switch.

Enact a Power 2 Rule entitled "Registration Yaks" with the following text:

      The Registrar CAN award Yaks by announcement, but SHALL NOT do
      so except as required by the Rules.

      The registration reward is a Budget Switch. As soon as possible
      after a first-class person registers, the Registrar SHALL award
      em N Yaks, where N is the value of the registration reward.

      The activity wage is a Budget Switch. As soon as possible after
      the beginning of each month, the Registrar SHALL award N Yaks to
      each first-class player who
       a) was active at the beginning of the month, and
       b) voted on the last Agoran decision to be resolved in the
          previous month
      where N is equal to the activity wage.

      If a first-class person (the recruit), within one week of
      registering, announces that exactly one player other than emself
      (the recruitor) recruited em to Agora, then if one month after
      this announcement the recruit was active and had voted on at
      least one Agoran decision, the recruitor CAN announce a
      Recruitment, specifying the identify of the recruit.

      The recruitment reward is a Budget Switch. As soon as possible
      after a valid announcement of a Recruitment, the Registrar SHALL
      award N Yaks each to the recruit and the recruitor, where N is
      the value of the recruitment reward.

Enact a Power 2 Rule entitled "Office Salary" with the following text:

      Salary is a natural office (non-singular) Budget Switch, tracked
      by the IADoP.

      The IADoP CAN award Yaks by announcement, but SHALL NOT do so
      except as required by the Rules.

      During the nomination period of an election, each candidate CAN
      set their proposed salary, a possible value of the office's
      salary switch, by announcement. If they fail to do so before the
      end of the nomination period, their proposed salary is set to
      100. The proposed salaries for each candidate are essential
      parameters for the Agoran decision to decide the officeholder.
      The proposed salary of the winning candidate becomes the salary
      of the office upon the resolution of the relevant decision.

      A player CAN flip the salary of an office without two
      objections. The holder of a Postulated office CAN decrease its
      salary by announcement.

      As soon as possible after the beginning of each month, the IADoP
      SHALL award each officeholder a number of Yaks equal to the sum
      of the salaries of eir offices for which:
       a) the officeholder held the office for at least two weeks
          continuously in the previous month, and
       b) the officeholder completed all duties required of em as a
          result of holding the office during the time e held it,
          within any time limits for doing so.

Enact a Power 2 Rule entitled "Judicial Fees" with the following text:

      The CotC CAN award Yaks by announcement, but SHALL NOT do so
      except as required by the Rules.

      As soon as possible after a player or an appeals panel judges a
      judicial case within any time limits for doing so, the CotC
      SHALL award A Yaks to the player or B Yaks to each member of the
      judicial panel, where
      a) A is equal to the value of the Standard Case Fee, a Budget
         Switch, and
      b) B is equal to the value of the Standard Appeal Fee, a Budget
         Switch.

Enact a Power 2 Rule entitled "Proposal Fees" with the following text:

      Proposal fee is a natural undistributed proposal switch, tracked
      by the Promotor.

      The Assessor CAN award Yaks by announcement, but SHALL NOT do so
      except as required by the Rules.

      The author of a proposal CAN set its proposal fee by
      announcement upon its submission. Subsequently, it CAN be set by
      any player without two objections.

      The proposal fee is an essential parameter for an Agoran
      decision on whether to adopt the proposal. As soon as possible
      after a proposal is adopted, the Assessor SHALL award a number
      of Yaks equal to the value of its fee immediately before it was
      distributed to its author, and one-third this amount, rounded
      down, to each of the proposal's co-authors.

In Rule 1607 (Distribution), replace

      The Promotor CAN distribute a proposal which is in the Proposal
      Pool at any time.  In a given Agoran week, the Promotor SHALL,
      as part of eir weekly duties, distribute all proposals in the
      Proposal Pool that were in the Pool at the beginning of that
      week.

with:

      The Mutability Index (MI) is a Budget Switch.

      A proposal that was in the Proposal Pool at the beginning of a
      given week is a pending proposal.

      The Promotor CAN distribute a proposal which is in the Proposal
      Pool at any time.

      In a given Agoran week, the Promotor SHALL, as part of eir
      weekly duties, distribute the N pending proposals with the
      highest non-zero Distributability, breaking ties in favour of
      proposals which were submitted first, where N is equal to the
      MI. The Promotor SHALL also, as part of eir weekly duties,
      distribute all disinterested pending proposals.

Enact the following as a Power 2 Rule, entitled "Distributability":

      Distributability is a natural undistributed proposal switch
      tracked by the Promotor. A player CAN, by announcement, increase
      the Distributability of a proposal by one for a cost of A Yaks;
      a player CAN, by announcement, decrease the Distributability of
      a proposal by two for a cost of B Yaks, where
      a) A is the value of the Distributability Fee, a Budget Switch,
         and
      b) B is the value of the Undistributability Fee, a Budget
         Switch.

      A disinterested proposal is a proposal identified as such when
      submitted. If a proposal is disinterested, this is an essential
      parameter of the decision of whether to adopt it. The remainder
      of the rules notwithstanding, the proposal fee of a
      disinterested proposal is 0 and CANNOT be set or changed to any
      other value.

In Rule 2154 (Election Procedure) replace

       a) by announcement, if e is the IADoP, or the office is vacant
          or assumed, or no election has been initiated for the office
          within 90 days before the announcement;

       b) with 4 Supporters, otherwise.

with:

      a) by announcement, if e is the IADoP, or the office is vacant
         or assumed, or no election has been initiated for the office
         within 90 days before the announcement;

      b) by announcement, for a cost of N Yaks, where N is the value
         of the Election Fee, a Budget Switch;

      c) with 4 Supporters, otherwise.

Append to Rule 2374 (Democratization) the following:

      Any player CAN, by announcement, set the Chamber of an entity to
      Democratic for a cost of N Yaks, where N is equal to the value
      of the Democratization Fee, a Budget Switch.

Enact a Power 2 Rule entitled "Veto and Rubberstamp" with the following text:

      A player CAN Veto an Ordinary decision with AI <= 3 for a cost
      of A Yaks by announcement, where A is the value of the Veto Fee,
      a Budget Switch; this sets its AI to 3.

      A player CAN Rubberstamp an Ordinary decision with AI <= 2 for a
      cost of B Yaks by announcement, where B is the value of the
      Rubberstamp Fee, a Budget Switch; this sets its AI to 2, and
      among the otherwise-valid votes on a decision that has been
      Rubberstamped, only the first AGAINST vote per voter is valid.

Set the Salary of each office as follows:

Office         Salary
------------------------
Ambassador-aL  100
Assessor       400
CotC           400
CBG            200
Herald         100
Horton         150
IADoP          300
Lexicographor  100
Promotor       300
Registrar      250
Rulekeepor     400
Yak Herdor     300

Set the value of each of these switches as follows:

Switch             Amount
--------------------------------
Mutability Index           10
Registration Reward       100
Recruitment Reward        100
Activity Wage             100
Standard Case Fee          50
Standard Appeal Fee        20
Yak FINE                 4000
1st class Tax Threshold   200
1st class Tax Rate         60
2nd class Tax Threshold     0
2nd class Tax Rate         60
Distributability Fee       20
Undistributability Fee     50
Election Fee              200
Democratization Fee       500
Veto Fee                  400
Rubberstamp Fee           400

Create 300 Yaks in the possession of each active first-class player.