ID: 7435
Title: Numericity
Author: scshunt
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

Enact a new power-3 rule entitled "Integral Switches" as follows:
      An integral switch is a switch defined as such by the rules. An
      integral switch may be defined to have any or all of:
        * An Upper Limit
        * A Maximum
        * A Lower Limit
        * A Minimum

      Unless otherwise specified, a switch's Maximum is its Upper Limit,
      if any, and its Minimum is its Lower Limit, if any. A natural
      switch is an integral switch with a Lower Limit and Minimum of 0.

      An integral switch's possible values are the integers between its
      Lower Limit and Upper Limit, inclusive. If one or both limits does
      not exist, then the values extend infinitely in that direction.

      A Modifier to an instance of integral switch is an integer value
      that modifies the switch's value.  Modifiers exist only where
      continuously defined by a rule; in particular, Modifiers cannot
      exist independently of the rule definint them. The modified value
      of an instance of an integral switch is its value, plus the sum of
      all its Modifiers, but never more than the switch's Maximum or
      less than its Minimum. The unmodified value of an instance of an
      integral switch is its value without Modifiers.

      Unless explicitly stated otherwise, all references in rules, other
      than this rule and Rule 2162, to the value of an instance of an
      integral switch are references to its modified value. This does
      not apply when flipping the switch; all flips of integral switches
      are done to the unmodified value.

      When the value of a switch is part of an officer's report, then
      that report includes all modifiers applying to instances of that
      switch, even those that are at their default values.

Amend the first sentence of Rule 2389 (Ordinary Chamber) to read as
follows:

      VVLOP is a natural player switch, tracked by the Assessor, whose
      default value is four for first-class players and zero for
      second-class players.