ID: 7441
Title: (untitled)
Author: Walker
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1

Enact a Rule with the following text:

      Agora's Twentieth Birthday shall be known as the Vigintennial.
      The Comptroller of the Lord Chamberlain's Office is an office;
      its holder is responsible for organising the celebration of the
      Vigintennial.

      A player CAN, with two support, make a former player of Agora an
      Ancient; the Comptroller SHALL make a reasonable effort to
      invite each Ancient to contribute to and partake in the
      celebration of the Vigintennial.

      The Comptroller SHALL, as part of eir weekly duties, submit a
      proposal regarding the Vigintennial and make a reasonable effort
      to ensure that it is distributed.

      The Comptroller SHALL be responsible, as part of eir weekly
      duties, for publicising the Vigintennial both to former players
      of Agora and to the general public, and for encouraging em to
      participate in its celebration.

      The Comptroller of the Lord Chamberlain's Office is a patent
      title; in a timely fashion after the Vigintennial, the Herald
      SHALL award it to the holder of the office of the same name.

      When Agora is at least twenty years and one week old, any player
      CAN cause this Rule to repeal itself by announcement.

Enact a Rule with the following text:

      The Comptroller CAN make a non-contest document into a
      Vigintennial contest or amend the text or gamestate of a contest
      without 3 objections; he then becomes that contest's
      contestmaster.

      The Vigintennial contest's instructions should include
      conditions under which persons "win the contest".  Upon a true
      announcement by the Comptroller that one or more persons satisfy
      those conditions, all those persons satisfy the Victory
      Condition of Jubilee.  Intentionally making a false such
      announcement is the Class-4 Crime of Gaming the System.

      The Comptroller SHALL obey the text of a Vigintennial contest.

      The Comptroller is, prima facie, the adjudicator of Vigintennial
      contest instructions and disputes.  Disputes should in general,
      be resolved with the spirit of the instructions in mind.  For
      the purpose of determining the internal gamestate of a
      Vigintennial contest (including whether its Comptroller falsely
      announced that persons won the contest), its instructions are
      generally interpreted in the same manner as a rule, but the
      reasonable opinion of the Comptroller takes precedence.

      If Agora is more than twenty years and one week old, any player
      CAN cause this Rule to repeal itself by announcement.