ID: 7450
Title: Igora
Author: Machiavelli
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1

Enact a power-1 rule titled "Alliances":

      An alliance is a set of persons.  Each person is in exactly one
      alliance.  By default, each person is in an alliance that
      contains no other persons.  A person CAN join an alliance With
      the Support of all its existing members; this causes em to cease
      to be a member of eir previous alliance.  A person CAN leave eir
      alliance by announcement; this causes em to become a member of a
      new alliance containing no other persons.  If an alliance is
      ever empty, it ceases to exist.  The Registrar's report includes
      all alliances that have more than one member.

Enact a power-1 rule titled "Okinawa":

      The Sensei is an office; its holder is responsible for keeping
      track of what's going on in Okinawa.

      Stones are a fixed asset whose recordkeepor is the Sensei.  At
      the beginning of each week, every active first-class player is
      awarded 3 Stones.  If a person ever owns more than 10 airborne
      Stones, they lose airborne Stones until they have only 10.

      Okinawa is an entity consisting of a nine-by-nine grid of Plots
      of Land.  Every Plot has a Latitude and a Longitude, each
      ranging from -4 (indicating extreme south or west) to 4
      (indicating extreme north or east).

      Position is a Stone switch, tracked by the Sensei, whose
      possible values are "airborne" (default) and every Plot.  It is
      IMPOSSIBLE for two Stones to occupy the same Plot.  The Sensei
      SHALL report the Positions of non-airborne Stones by publishing
      a map of Okinawa.

      Airborne Stones with the same owner are fungible.

      A person CAN, by announcement, Play any Stone that e owns on
      any unoccupied Plot.

      Two Stones are connected if they are orthogonally adjacent and
      owned by the same Alliance.  A chain is a connected component of
      Stones.  A chain is in jeopardy if there are no unoccupied Plots
      orthogonally adjacent to it.  If a person owns a Stone that is
      part of a chain that is in jeopardy, then e CANNOT place a Stone
      on a Plot, the above notwithstanding.  If a chain is in
      jeopardy, then any person who owns a Stone in it CAN capture the
      chain by announcement.  If a chain is not in jeopardy, and then
      a Stone is played causing it to come into jeopardy (without
      changing the extents of the chain), then the chain is
      immediately captured.  When a chain is captured, all Stones in
      it are destroyed.

      If a player has at least seven Stones in Okinawa, and no other
      player has at least seven Stones in Okinawa, then that player
      satisfies the Victory Condition of Shouri, and all Stones are
      destroyed.  When this happens, the Sensei SHOULD announce who
      the winner was.