ID: 7452
Title: secret votes redux
Author: omd
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3

Create a new Power-3 Rule titled "Star Chamber":

      Star is a Voting Chamber.  The voting limit of an eligible voter
      on a decision in the Star Chamber is 1.  Submitting a proposal
      in the Star Chamber has a cost of A Yaks, where A is the value
      of the Insanity Fee, a Budget Switch.

      The Chamber of a decision CANNOT become Star except by being
      initialized to that value when the decision is initiated.  If
      the set of options of a decision in the Star Chamber changes, or
      such a decision is initiated with more than 1000 options or
      eligible voters, it automatically becomes Democratic.

      Otherwise, within 24 hours after a decision is initiated in the
      Star Chamber, the initiator SHALL once, for each eligible voter:
      - construct a document (the Codebook) clearly listing a distinct
        code for each option, randomly chosen from a reasonably large
        universe of possible codes;
      - publish its SHA-1 hash, clearly labeled as the hash of eir
        Codebook for that decision; then
      - privately send it to that voter, clearly labeled as eir
        Codebook for that decision.

      A player's Codebook for a decision is the first document whose
      hash has been published as described.  The initiator SHALL NOT
      mislabel any document as a Codebook or the hash of a Codebook.
      The initiator SHOULD follow these steps immediately after
      initiating the decision; if e fails to do so within the time
      limit, players SHOULD make the decision Democratic.

      Rules to the contrary notwithstanding, when submitting a ballot
      on a decision in the Star Chamber, an eligible voter must select
      an option by clearly identifying the code for that option listed
      in eir Codebook rather than the option itself.

      Within 4 days after the end of such a decision's voting period,
      the initiator SHALL publish each of its Codebooks, clearly
      labeled as such; when e does so at any time, the decision
      becomes Collapsed.  If e does not do so in a timely fashion
      after the end of the voting period, then all ballots on that
      decision become invalid and the decision becomes Collapsed.
      Rules to the contrary notwithstanding, the decision can only be
      resolved after the decision becomes Collapsed; if the vote
      collector is required to resolve the decision, e need only do so
      in a timely fashion after this occurs.

      The initiator of a decision in the Star Chamber SHALL NOT
      disclose any of its codes, or otherwise allow them to become
      known to other persons, before the end of the voting period,
      except as previously described, and SHOULD take measures to
      assign the codes automatically without em personally seeing
      them.

Set the value of the Insanity Fee to 100.

[Puts the burden of maintaining the codes on the Promotor rather than
each voter, and, unlike previous proposals, avoids having to trust
anyone to determine the gamestate.  I considered having the initiator
contact the vote collector immediately, but may as well minimize the
number of people who have to handle the codes - I will attempt to be
punctual.

Update: Now with more accountability, as a voter can (but need not, if
e trusts the initiator and doesn't feel like computing a SHA-1 hash)
verify the private message at initiation time.  There is no way to
stop a player from falsely claiming not to have received eir Codebook
(could add a truthfulness clause, but then players might make such
claims to a-d) and causing democratization, but hopefully nobody will
do that.