ID: 7465
Title: (untitled)
Author: Walker
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

[ tl;dr:
- Parties are groups of players
- They are governed by their own constitution, which are amended
according to the constitution or without objection from another party
member
- Members SHALL obey their party constitutions
- They pay a lower rate of Tax to encourage pooling of resources
- Parties can 'whip' their members to vote a particular way on an
Agoran decision
- Once each quarter there can be a General Election
- The winning party's leader becomes the Speaker and can assign prerogatives ]


Enact a Power 2 Rule entitled "Parties" with the following text:

      A party is a type of second-class person and a player; Rules to
      the contrary notwithstanding, parties CANNOT be deregistered
      except through their dissolution. The Returning Officer is an
      office; eir report includes a list of all parties.

      Party membership is a first-class Voter switch, tracked by the
      Returning Officer, with values of each party and Independent
      (default). A player CAN flip eir party membership by
      announcement, provided that e satisfies any determinate
      conditions for doing so in the constitutions of the prior party
      (if any) and the new party (if any).

      Each party has a constitution which CAN be amended by any of its
      members without objection from another member. A party member
      CAN amend eir party's constitution by announcement when
      authorised to do so by eir party's constitution. Party members
      SHALL obey their party's constitution. The Returning Officer's
      monthly report contains the text of each party's constitution.

      Leader and Deputy Leader are party switches, tracked by the
      Returning Officer, with values of each of the party's members
      and none (default). A member of a party CAN flip its Leader or
      Deputy Leader without objection from another party member. A
      party member CAN flip its Leader or Deputy Leader by
      announcement when authorised to do so by the party constitution.

      A Independent player CAN create a party with two Independent
      support, specifying the text of the new party's constitution.
      Upon the creation of the party the party membership of its
      creator and each Supporter flips to the new party.

      A player CAN dissolve (destroy) a party without three
      objections.

Enact a Rule entitled "Whipping" with the following text:

      A party's constitution can specify the Rebellion Fines to be
      paid, in Yaks, for defying each of a One, Two and Three Line
      Whip.

      When authorised to do so by eir party's constitution, a party
      member CAN set eir party's Whip on a specified proposal in the
      Proposal Pool by announcement, specifying one of FOR or AGAINST
      and whether the Whip is One, Two or Three Lines.

      When authorised to do so by eir party's constitution, a party
      member CAN, by announcement, set eir party's Whip on an election
      during its nomination period, specifying one of the candidates
      and whether the Whip is One, Two or Three Lines.

      Party members SHOULD vote according to their party's Whip on an
      Agoran decision. If they fail to do so, ey SHALL transfer the
      relevant Rebellion Fine (if any) to their party in a timely
      manner afterwards.

      For an Agoran decision on a proposal the party of the proposal's
      author and the Whips of each party, if any, on the proposal are
      essential parameters.

Amend Rule 2138 (The Interstellar Associate Director of Personnel) by replacing

     a) The holder of each office.

with:

     a) The holder of each office, and eir party.

Amend Rule 2154 (Election Procedure) by appending to the numbered list:

     5) The party of each candidate and the Whips, if any, of each
        party on the decision are essential parameters.

Amend Rule 103 (The Speaker) to read:

     The Speaker is an imposed office and a figurehead of Agora. The
     Speaker is a person who has proven themselves to be worthy of
     the title, and for a time can direct Agoran government affairs.

      At any time, each player shall be either a Voter or the Speaker; no
      player may simultaneously be a Voter and a Speaker.  At any time
      there shall be exactly one Speaker.  The term "player" in the rules
      shall specifically include both the Voters and the Speaker.

Enact a Power 2 Rule entitled "Government" with the following text:

      The following are imposed offices, collectively termed the
      Ministries:
      a) Majority Leader. The Majority Leader CAN, if e has not
         already done so to the same decision, veto a specified
         ordinary decision in its voting period by announcement; this
         increases its Adoption Index by 1.
      b) Minority Leader. The Minority Leader CAN filibuster a
         specified ordinary decision in its voting period by
         announcement; this makes it Democratic and sets its quorum to
         half the number of eligible voters, except if that would
         decrease the quorum, Rules to the contrary notwithstanding.
      c) Cabinet Secretary. The Cabinet Secretary CAN rubberstamp a
         specified ordinary decision in its voting period by
         announcement. Amongst the otherwise valid AGAINST votes on a
         rubberstamped ordinary decision, only the first cast by each
         player is valid.
      e) Chief Whip. The Chief Whip's voting limit on an Ordinary
         decision is 1.5 times what it would otherwise be, rounded
         down.
      f) Chancellor of the Exchequer. When the Yak Herdor is required
         to destroy a number of the Chancellor's Yaks, e is only
         required to destroy half the number e would otherwise be
         required to, rounded down, Rules to the contrary
         notwithstanding.
      g) Committee Chairman. The Committee Chairman CAN, if e has not
         already done so to a given proposal, subject a specified
         proposal in the Proposal Pool to Death by Committee by
         announcement; this flips the proposal's Distributability to
         0. If e has not already done so in the current week, the
         Committee Chairman CAN give a specified proposal in the
         Proposal Pool Committee Approval by announcement; this
         doubles the proposal's Distributability.

      If e has not already done in the current month, or if e has not
      done so since e gained office, the Speaker CAN form a Government
      by announcement.

      A valid announcement of the formation of a Government assigns
      exactly one active player to each of the Ministries; no player
      can be assigned to more than one Ministry. Upon the formation of
      a Government, each of the Ministries comes to be held by the
      player assigned to it by the Speaker.

Enact a Power 2 Rule entitled "General Elections" with the following text:

     If there has not been a General Election in the current Agoran
     Quarter, then any Party Leader CAN Call a General Election by
     announcement. In a timely fashion after a General Election is
     Called, the Returning Officer CAN and SHALL initiate the Agoran
     decision to elect the Speaker. For this decision:

     1) The valid options are the Party Leaders and NO CHANGE,
     2) The eligible voters are the active players other than the
        Speaker, and
     3) Each eligible voter's voting limit is eir VVLOP, or twice eir
        VVLOP if e holds a Ministry.

     Upon the resolution of this decision, if the outcome is a party
     leader, e becomes the Speaker.

Set the 2nd Class Tax Threshold to 400 and the 2nd Class Tax Rate to 50.

Set the Returning Officer's salary to 100.