ID: 7466
Title: Victim's Rights
Author: scshunt
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1.7

Enact a new rule entitled "Recovery Cases", power 1.7
{
      Recovery cases are a subclass of judicial case. Any player CAN
      initiate a recovery case by announcement, specifying:
        a) An associated criminal case designating the offence for which
           a remedy is sought,
        b) The person from whom recovery is sought (the lucky one) other
           than the accused of the associated criminal case, and
        c) The nature of the remedy sought.

      The purpose of recovery cases is to correct advantages obtained
      inadvertently by third parties as a result of rule violations made
      by another. They do not assign any additional blame beyond that of
      the associated criminal case.

The initiator, the lucky one, and the accused in the associated
criminal case are unqualified to judge a recovery case. All persons
unqualified to judge the associated criminal case are poorly qualified
to judge a recovery case. The lucky one is poorly qualified to judge
the associated criminal case.

      The CotC SHALL NOT assign a recovery case to a judge and a judge
      SHALL NOT judge a recovery case if the associated criminal case is
      open or suspended. If the associated criminal case is rendered
      open after judgment, then so is the recovery case.

      The valid judgments for a recovery case are as follows:
      * REMEDY with a valid remedy, appropriate if the following are
        true:
          a) The associated criminal case has judgment GUILTY,
          b) The lucky one received some benefit from the violation of
             the rules in the associated criminal case, and
          c) It would not be unfair to correct that benefit.
      * NO REMEDY, appropriate if the following are true:
          a) The associated criminal case has judgment GUILTY, and
          b) The lucky one received no benefit from the violation of the
             rules in the associated criminal case, or it would be
             unfair to correct that benefit.
      * NO VIOLATION, appropriate if the associated criminal case has
        judgment NOT GUILTY.

      The valid remedies are FINE and COMMUNITY SERVICE, with the same
      effects and function as the corresponding sentences with the
      lucky one in place of the ninny, except that FINE does not need to
      respect an asset's FINE value, and may be applied to assets
      without a FINE value.

      If a recovery case has had a judgment of REMEDY for less than a
      week, the lucky one or the ninny in the associated criminal case
      CAN appeal the case by announcement.
}