ID: 7467
Title: New Precedents
Author: scshunt
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3

Repeal Rule 2240 (No Cretans Need Apply)

Amend Rule 1030 (Precedence between Rules) to read as follows:
      In a conflict between two provisions of the rules, then, rules to
      the contrary notwithstanding, the conflict shall be resolved as
      described in this rule. Conflicts are resolved on specific issues
      independently and two different rules or provisions may have
      differing precedence in different situations. When determining
      precedence between rules, including as to what constitutes a
      provision for the purposes of this rule, the rules are to be read
      harmoniously and as a whole. It is possible that a given piece of
      text in the ruleset is part of no or many provisions. For the
      purposes of this rule, the power of a provision is the power of
      the rule that contains it.

      One provision claims precedence over another if it includes text
      that indicates it operates in precedence to or notwithstanding
      another provision or provisions. One provision defers to another
      if it includes text that indicates it operates in deference to
      another provision, or that the effects of the provision may be
      modified by other provisions or by the rules generally. If a
      provision both claims precedence over and defers to another, then
      for the purposes of the rest of this rule, it does neither. A
      reference to a rule in this case is considered to be a reference
      to all of its provisions.

      In a conflict between two provisions:

        * If exactly one provision defers to the other, then the other takes
          precedence; otherwise

        * If exactly one provision claims precedence over the other, and it has
          power equal to or greater than the others, then it takes precedence;
          otherwise

        * If both provisions claim precedence over or defer to the
          other, and the provisions have different powers, then the
          higher-powered provision's claim of precedent or deferral
          decides the conflict; otherwise

        * If one of the provisions produces a definition, structure, or other
          construct used by the other provision, and the second provision could
          avoid the use of that construct by creating an equivalent construct,
          and avoiding the construct in this manner would not materially affect
          the function of either provision or their interaction with other
          provisions, then the second provision prevails; otherwise

        * If the provisions have different powers, the provision with
          the higher power prevails; otherwise

        * If one provision is of strictly more limited scope than the other,
          then it prevails; otherwise

        * If the provisions are part of different rules, both of which
          have ID numbers, the provision in the rule with the lower ID
          number prevails; otherwise

        * If the provisions are part of different rules, the provision in the
          rule enacted earliest prevails; otherwise

        * The provisions are a part of the same rule, and the provision
          that appears later in the rule prevails.

      In a conflict between more than two provisions, the solution to
      the predence problem that best respects the resolution of
      precedence between any two of the provisions in conflict is used.

[New features:
 - deferrals and notwithstandings apply accross rules.
 - "as modified by other rules", etc. taken to be deferrals.
 - allow rules defining things to override auxiliary definitions and
constructs. For
   instance, low-power rules should be able to define assets that cannot
   go to the LFD because they could just define an asset-like entity that
   couldn't.
 - explicitly leave open the question of precedence of multiple-rule
   conflicts. They're extremely rare and already poorly defined. This just
   makes it more interesting.