ID: 7472
Title: Spelling abuse capitalisation VLOP 2.0
Author: omd
Co-authors: ais523
Adoption index: 2

Amend Rule 2389 (Ordinary Chamber) to read:

      Ordinary is a Voting Chamber.

      Keyword is a player switch, tracked by the Lexicographor, whose
      value is a string of case-sensitive letters, and default is "E".
      The voting limit of an eligible voter on an Ordinary Decision
      is the number of letters in eir Keyword if e is a player, or 1
      otherwise.

      Tiles are a class of assets tracked by the Lexicographor and
      restricted to players.  Each Tile is labeled with an English
      letter from A to Z.  When an entity becomes eligible for a
      number of Tiles, the Lexicographor CAN once award em that number
      of Tiles by announcement, specifying their Letters, and SHALL do
      so in a timely fashion; e SHALL randomly pick the letters using
      the same distribution as English Scrabble.

      Every week, each first-class player becomes eligible for 2
      Tiles.  When a first-class person registers, e becomes eligible
      for 5 Tiles.

      A player CAN spend either X Yaks, where X is the value of the
      Tile Fee, a Budget Switch, or 5 Tiles, to become eligible for 3
      Tiles by announcement.

      An eligible word is a string of letters found as a word in
      either the text of a Rule or the English Open Word List, case
      insensitively.  The following actions CAN be taken by
      announcement, but only if the resulting Keyword is an eligible
      word:

      - A player CAN spend a Tile to add its letter to a specified
        player's Keyword in lowercase.

      - A player CAN spend a Tile to remove its letter once from a
        specified player's Keyword in lowercase.

      - A player CAN spend 2 Tiles to move an instance of one of the
        Tiles' letters in lowercase within a specified player's
        Keyword.

      - A player CAN spend any number of Tiles to append their letters
        capitalized in any order to eir own Keyword; for this purpose,
        e can spend any 3 Tiles as if they were a Tile with a
        specified letter.

      - A player CAN spend 2 Tiles to remove any number of consecutive
        letters from eir own Keyword.

      Note: The English Open Word List can be found at
      http://dreamsteep.com/projects/the-english-open-word-list.html

Set the Tile Fee to 80.

Upon the adoption of this proposal, each player becomes eligible for 5 Tiles.

[Pruned back down compared to the last proto version of this.

Yes, this overloads an existing office - but the name is perfect, that
office doesn't do very much currently, and we have a lot of offices as
is, so why not?]