ID: 7528
Title: Voting auctions
Author: omd
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

Amend Rule 2389 (Ordinary Chamber) to read:

      Voting Tokens are a class of assets tracked by the Assessor.
      Each Voting Token has an ID number and an Expiration Date, upon
      which it is automatically destroyed.

      Ordinary is a Voting Chamber.  The voting limit of an entity on
      an Ordinary Decision is the number of Voting Tokens in eir
      possession, plus two if e is a first-class person.

      A VT Auction is a type of Auction with an Auction Currency of
      Yaks and a Starting Bid of Y20.  In a timely fashion after the
      beginning of each month, the Assessor CAN and SHALL initiate six
      VT Auctions.  When initiating the Auction, e must specify a
      Lifetime from 2 to 12 weeks, and for this purpose SHALL use a
      reasonably publicly verifiable method to make a random selection
      of 2d6.  At the end of the Auction, the winner (if any) gains
      one VT whose Expiration Date is the date of creation plus that
      Lifetime.

[VCs are too limited and draw attention away from Yaks, which are not
useful enough; plus, we haven't had auctions in a while.

Ruleset history: 1997-99 (at least) had Voting Tokens which were
single-use, /and required to make any votes at all/.  And during some
periods at least, you were severely limited if you didn't get officer
salaries.  Mm... could be fun, but I'm not ready to go all the way
there.]

Create a Power-2 Rule titled "Auctions":

      A person authorized by the rules to initiate an Auction (the
      Auctioneer) CAN do so by announcement, specifying its Auction
      Currency and Starting Bid.  The initiation of an Auction
      initiates its bidding period.

      While an Auction is in progress, each active player has an
      Auction Account for that auction; rules to the contrary
      notwithstanding, if the Auction Currency is restricted to a
      class of entities, the Auction Accounts are part of that class.
      The prospective winner of an Auction is the player (if any)
      whose Auction Account owns the most units of the Auction
      Currency and owns at least the Starting Bid.

      The bidding period ends when any of the following occur:
      (1) one week has passed from the start of the Auction, and there
          is no prospective winner; or
      (2) there is a prospective winner, and 72 hours have passed
          since eir identity last changed; or
      (3) two weeks have passed since the start of the Auction.

      When the bidding period ends, the prospective winner becomes the
      winner.  After the bidding period ends, the Auctioneer CAN once
      end the Auction by announcement, and SHALL do so in a timely
      fashion.

[Simplified platonic auctions.]