ID: 7529
Title: The Wisconsin Line-Item Veto
Author: omd
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

[Update 2: Nerfs to 45 days and brings back the Cabinet Secretary with
a different job.  The wisdom of making the Cabinet Secretary a
Minister in the first place will have to be left to those better
versed in eighties-era TV shows.]

Amend Rule 2412 (Government) by replacing items a), b), and c) with:

      a) Governor General. The Governor General has the power of
         Line-Item Veto, as described elsewhere.
      b) Majority Leader. The Majority Leader CAN rubberstamp a
         specified ordinary decision in its voting period by
         announcement. Amongst the otherwise valid AGAINST votes on a
         rubberstamped ordinary decision, only the first cast by each
         player is valid.
      c) Minority Leader. The Minority Leader CAN filibuster a
         specified ordinary decision in its voting period by
         announcement; this makes it Democratic and sets its quorum to
         half the number of eligible voters, except if that would
         decrease the quorum, Rules to the contrary notwithstanding.
      d) Cabinet Secretary. The Cabinet Secretary CAN flip a Budget
         Switch with Agoran Consent.

[Adds the Governor General.  The old Majority Leader's veto is removed
in favor of the new one, and the Majority Leader gets the Cabinet
Secretary's old job.]

Change the title of Rule 2406 (Veto and Rubberstamp) to "Line-Item
Veto", and amend it to read:

      If e has not done so in the last 45 days, the Governor General
      CAN announce a Line-Item Veto, specifying an unresolved Ordinary
      decision to adopt a proposal with an adoption index no greater
      than 2.  As part of the resolution of a decision as ADOPTED for
      which a Line-Item Veto has been announced, immediately after the
      proposal's power is set, it is reset to 0, and while the
      proposal is taking effect, all gamestate changes are secured.
      Once the decision has been resolved, the Governor General CAN
      once submit a document as a Signed Copy of the proposal by
      announcement, and SHALL do so in a timely fashion.

      A valid Signed Copy of a proposal is a document whose text is
      identical to the text of the proposal, except that any number of
      complete words, as well as any amount of punctuation and
      whitespace, may be removed.  Furthermore, the Signed Copy must:

      - not introduce any significant grammatical errors that were not
        present in the original proposal.  A significant error is one
        that is unambiguously incorrect in all standard dialects of
        formal English prose, and not standard in Agoran usage.

      - not add any sentences to the Ruleset that are useless or
        clearly have no effect on the game, except ones already to be
        added in the original proposal.

      When a valid Signed Copy is submitted, its Power is set to the
      minimum of four and adoption index of the proposal, and then it
      takes effect in the same manner as a proposal.  A purported
      submission of a Signed Copy constitutes a self-ratifying
      statement that it is valid.

[If the Governor General fails to submit a Signed Copy, it can be done
by deputisation.

So, yeah.  I was considering making it a bit more frequent but
subvertible - the Governor General would have to announce the veto
within the first six days of the voting period, so voters could pile
on AGAINST if it seemed powerfully abusable - but I think that would
end up underwhelming, as after the Governor General has a picked a
specific proposal for everyone to look at, it would be pretty unlikely
for eir planned veto not to be spotted.  Instead, I restricted it to
ordinary decisions, so the veto can be prevented either by submitting
as Democratic or with AI >= 2.1, or with democratization, but someone
has to think of it in advance, and of course the Governor General gets
at most three attempts per election.  Considering that the Governor
General probably doesn't disagree enough with most legislation to want
to modify or break it just for the sake of eir opinion, and that most
proposals probably can't be modified into a dictatorship or win this
way, despite its power, I suspect the line-item veto will be rare and
interesting.]