ID: 7542
Title: Infraction cases
Author: omd
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

[Mechanisms involving trading assets for money are more interesting if
there are ways to go into debt.  Don't want to do this for auctions
because it's too messy, but this adds back an easy way to punish
people for minor infractions, and a reward for doing so.]

Create a Power-2 Rule titled "Infraction Cases and Rewards":

      An infraction case is a subclass of criminal case; infraction
      cases need not be assigned ID numbers.  A player CAN initiate an
      infraction case in the same manner as an ordinary criminal case,
      unless the alleged action or inaction is defined as a Crime of
      at least Class 3.  A player CAN contest an infraction case by
      announcement, which causes it to be rendered open and become an
      ordinary criminal case.  When an infraction case has existed for
      at least four days, a judgement of GUILTY, FINE YN goes into
      effect, where YN is the Standard Infraction Penalty, a Budget
      Switch; rules to the contrary notwithstanding, this judgement
      CANNOT be appealed (but the case can still be contested).

      When a fine is paid in a criminal case, its initiator gains the
      Standard Infraction Reward, a Budget Switch.

Amend Rule 1504 (Criminal Cases) by replacing the bullet point about FINE with:

      * FINE with an amount of one currency, appropriate for rule
        breaches of small consequence.  An amount is only valid if the
        rules specify a maximum FINE amount for that currency, and the
        amount is no greater than the maximum.  When in effect, unless
        a fine for that case has already been satisfied, the ninny
        SHALL pay a cost of that amount of currency to satisfy the
        fine in a timely fashion; if e fails to do so within four
        days, and has at least that amount, then any player CAN
        destroy that amount from eir possession by announcement to
        satisfy the fine.

Set the value of the Standard Infraction Penalty to Y50, and the
Standard Infraction Reward to Y25.