ID: 7543
Title: Fixed voting auctions
Author: omd
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 2

[Fixed the loser-pays issue.  Also, downgraded to four VTs per month
to reduce auction noise and increase value.  At this rate, there are
expected to be about 8 VTs in existence at any given time; if VTs are
split between, say, three or four people who actually care enough to
spend Yaks (I would certainly like that to be higher, but I bet it
won't be), that's about 2-3 VTs each for the rich people.

On one hand, the current high voting limit is a bit less than 3 times
the normal voting limit, and periods between resets aren't lasting
that long and voting limit increases are more evenly distributed,
while these would last up to three months and would be more granular,
so it would make sense to decrease the expected high voting limit.  On
the other hand, these are intentionally liquid (allowing for trades
outside of the periodic auctions), so they should be considered
valuable, and their total influence on the vote is limited because
they don't scale with activity.  I'm going to go with giving making VT
worth 2/3 of a normal vote.]

Amend Rule 2389 (Ordinary Chamber) to read:

      Voting Tokens are a class of assets tracked by the Assessor.
      Each Voting Token has an ID number and an Expiration Date, upon
      which it is automatically destroyed.

      Ordinary is a Voting Chamber.  The voting limit of an entity on
      an Ordinary Decision is two times the number of Voting Tokens in
      eir possession, plus three if e is a first-class person.

      A VT Auction is a type of Auction with an Auction Currency of
      Yaks, a Starting Bid of the Minimum VT Fee, a Budget Switch, and
      a Minimum Increment of Y5.  In a timely fashion after the
      beginning of each month, the Assessor CAN and SHALL initiate
      four VT Auctions.  When initiating the Auction, e must specify a
      Lifetime from 2 to 12 weeks, and for this purpose SHALL use a
      reasonably publicly verifiable method to make a random selection
      of 2d6.  At the end of the Auction, the winner (if any) gains
      one VT whose Expiration Date is the date of creation plus that
      Lifetime.

Set the Minimum VT Fee to Y30.

[VCs are too limited and draw attention away from Yaks, which are not
useful enough; plus, we haven't had auctions in a while.

Ruleset history: 1997-99 (at least) had Voting Tokens which were
single-use, /and required to make any votes at all/.  And during some
periods at least, you were severely limited if you didn't get officer
salaries.  Mm... could be fun, but I'm not ready to go all the way
there.]

Amend Rule 2393 (Auctions) to read:

      A person authorized by the rules to initiate an Auction (the
      Auctioneer) CAN do so by announcement, specifying its Auction
      Currency, Starting Bid, and Minimum Increment.  The initiation
      of an Auction initiates its bidding period.

      While an Auction is in progress, each active player has a
      current bid in units of the Auction Currency, initially 0, and
      CAN bid a specified amount by announcement, if the amount is at
      least the Starting Bid and at least the Minimum Increment more
      than the highest current bid, and e possesses at least the
      difference between the amount and eir current bid, which e
      SHOULD specify; this causes the difference to be destroyed from
      eir possession and the new amount to become eir current bid.
      The prospective winner of an Auction is the player (if any) with
      the highest current bid.

      The bidding period ends when any of the following occur:
      (1) one week has passed from the start of the Auction, and there
          is no prospective winner; or
      (2) there is a prospective winner, and 72 hours have passed
          since eir identity last changed; or
      (3) two weeks have passed since the start of the Auction.

      After the bidding period ends, the Auctioneer CAN once resolve
      the Auction by announcement, specifying each nonzero current bid
      and the prospective winner, and SHALL do so in a timely fashion.
      When an Auction is resolved, the prospective winner becomes the
      winner, each entity with a current bid other than the winner
      gains that amount of the Auction Currency, and the Auction ends.