ID: 7555
Title: Self-ratification, victory, office changes
Author: omd
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 3

[They all seem somewhat tied together.]

Amend Rule 2139 (The Registrar) by removing:

      The portion of a public message purporting to be a Registrar's
      report that lists each player implies that no players other than
      those listed exist and is self-ratifying.

[This is covered by ratification of switches.]

Amend Rule 2166 (Assets) by replacing:

      This portion of that entity's report is self-ratifying.

with:

      This portion of a public document purporting to be that entity's
      report is self-ratifying.

Amend Rule 2343 (Victory Conditions) by replacing paragraphs 2-4 with:

      A person CAN declare a victory without objection or with 2
      Agoran Consent, specifying a person (the Champion) and a
      instance of eir satisfying a specified Victory Condition while
      not satisfying any Losing Conditions, as long as no victory has
      previously been declared for the same event.  When this occurs,
      the Champion Wins the Game.  There is no other method of winning
      the game.  Winning the game does not cause Agora to end.

      A person SHOULD NOT declare a victory for events older than one
      month, and players SHOULD object to intents to do so, unless the
      validity of the victory has continuously been in question since
      less than a month after the event.  Players SHALL NOT object to
      intents to declare a victory unless they are inaccurate or
      pertain to events older than one month.

[Self-ratification is entirely unnecessary for this case.]

Amend Rule 2381 (Win by Clout) to read:

      If a single Player has a voting limit on an Agoran Decision that
      has a Chamber, and that voting limit, at the end of the
      Decision's voting period, is greater than the combined voting
      limits of all other entities on that decision, and no entity has
      satisfied this condition in the last 30 days for a decision in
      the same Chamber, that player satisfies the Victory Condition of
      Clout.

Amend Rule 2358 (Win by Paradox) by replacing the second paragraph with:

      When a turtle has continuously been a turtle for one week, and
      this condition has not been satisfied in the last 30 days for
      any turtle regarding substantially identical events, its
      initiator satisfies the Victory Condition of Paradox.

Amend Rule 2138 (The Interstellar Associate Director of Personnel) by replacing:

      a) The holder of each office.
      b) The date on which each holder last came to hold that office.
      c) The date when the most recent nomination period for that
         office began.
      d) The date when that office's reports were last published.

      The portion of a public message purporting to be an IADoP's
      report that lists the holder of each office is self-ratifying.

with:

      a) The date on which each holder last came to hold that office.
      b) The date when the most recent nomination period for that
         office began.
      c) The date when that office's reports were last published.

Amend Rule 1006 (Offices) by replacing:

      An office is a role defined as such by the rules.  Each office
      is either vacant (default) or filled (held) by exactly one
      player.  An officer is the holder of an office, who may be
      referred to by the name of that office.
with:

      Officeholder is an office switch tracked by the IADoP, with
      possible values of any person or "vacant".  An officer is the
      holder of an office, who may be referred to by the name of that
      office.  If the holder of an office is ever not a player, it
      becomes vacant.

[Also fixes IADoP's reports ratifying playerhood.]

Amend Rule 2276 (Assumption of Vacant Offices) by replacing:

      An active first-class player can assume an office by
      announcement, causing em to become its holder, provided that the
      office is either vacant or Assumed.

      Upon doing so, the office's Assumption is flipped to Assumed.
      Whenever a vacant office is Postulated, its Assumption is
      flipped to Assumed.

      When the holder of an office ceases to be an active player, the
      office's Assumption is flipped to Assumed.

with:

      An active first-class player can assume an office by
      announcement, causing em to become its holder, provided that the
      office is Assumed.

      Whenever a Postulated office is not held by an active player, it
      becomes Assumed.

Amend Rule 2154 (Election Procedure) by replacing "vacant or assumed"
with "Assumed".

[Lots of unnecessary wording there.]

Amend Rule 1607 (Distribution) by replacing:

      The Promotor's report includes a list of all proposals in the
      Proposal Pool.  This portion of a public message purporting to
      be a Promotor's report is self-ratifying.

with:

      The Promotor's report includes a list of all proposals in the
      Proposal Pool, along with their text and attributes.  This
      portion of a public document purporting to be a Promotor's
      report is self-ratifying.

Amend Rule 2166 (Assets) by replacing:

      This portion of that entity's report is self-ratifying.

with:

      This portion of a public document purporting to be that entity's
      report is self-ratifying.

Amend Rule 1551 (Ratification) by appending to the second-to-last paragraph:

      The rules may define additional information that is considered
      to be part of the document for the purposes of ratification;
      such definitions are secured at a Power Threshold of 3.

[Though we've treated them as working, the definitions as
self-ratifying in R2170 of a possibly implicit claim of identity, and
R2034 of generally unstated claims that proposals took effect, seem
somewhat dubious to me.  I tried working out the language to make them
explicitly ratify a different fact, but it's ugly, so here's a simple
solution.]