ID: 7561
Title: 沖縄の線の修理
Author: Machiavelli
Co-authors: 
Adoption index: 1

[Currently, Okinawa is pretty broken, because a large group is very
difficult to kill: a group with five eyes requires a five-person
coalition to take down. So far, it seems like Okinawa has had pretty
much no cooperation at all. Watashi no warui.

The first change I propose is to change the win condition: instead of
having Stones while nobody else has Stones, you must create a line of
stones connecting opposite sides of the board. This doesn't fix much,
but it makes the second change feasible.

The second change I propose is to make things easier to kill, by
making eyes not count. To be more precise: a liberty of a chain owned
by A is considered an exterior liberty if, from the liberty, you can
reach two different corners of the board, moving orthogonally, without
stepping on a stone owned by A. A chain can be captured when it has no
exterior liberties.

A side effect is that if a player walls off three corners of the
board, then all of that player's chains are eligible for capture.
Don't do that.]

Destroy all Stones. Repeal Rule 2407 "Alliances".

Make the following changes to Rule 2408 "Okinawa":

In the paragraph beginning "Stones are a fixed asset", replace "is
awarded 3 Stones" with "is awarded 2 Stones".

To the paragraph beginning "Okinawa is an entity", append the sentence
'When referring to Plots, the words "row" and "column" are synonyms
for "Latitude" and "Longitude", respectively.'

Amend the sentence beginning with "The Sensei SHALL report" to read as
follows: "The Sensei SHALL report the Positions of non-airborne Stones
by publishing a map of Okinawa, and SHOULD include a compass rose."

Replace the paragraphs beginning with "Two Stones are connected" and
"If a player has" with the following paragraphs:

      Two Stones are connected if they are orthogonally adjacent and
      have the same owner.  A chain is a connected component of
      Stones.

      An exterior liberty of a chain owned by some player A is an
      unoccupied Plot orthogonally adjacent to that chain with the
      following property: there exist paths from the unoccupied Plot
      to two different corners of the board, such that neither path
      contains any Stone owned by A.  For this purpose, a "path" is a
      sequence of Stones, each orthogonally adjacent to the next.  (It
      isn't about eyes any more.)

      If a chain has no exterior liberties, then any person CAN
      capture it by announcement.  This causes all Stones in it to be
      destroyed.

      If a player owns a chain that has at least one Stone on two
      opposite edges of the board, then that player satisfies the
      Victory Condition of Shouri, and all Stones are destroyed.  When
      this happens, the Sensei SHALL, as soon as possible, announce
      that this has happened, and who satisfied the Victory Condition.
      The Sensei SHOULD announce this in the form of a Victory
      Announcement.